If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page.
Alice Beer, who worked alongside Miss Dando on the BBC's Children in Need and Holiday shows, told a newspaper yesterday (sun) she received the sinister letter in her BBC mail, which bosses had passed on to police.But the 49-year-old said she had not been interviewed by officers either before or after Miss Dando was shot dead outside her home in Fulham, west London, in April 1999.Barry George, of Fulham, was initially convicted in July 2001 but was acquitted of killing the 37-year-old presenter at a retrial in August 2008.Ms Beer told the paper: "There are a lot of questions I would like answering. They've been at the back of my mind. I waited for a call from the police after Jill's death - but it never came. Nobody spoke to me about the threat."Nobody questioned anything. If no stone were left unturned in that investigation then I would have been called."Now a presenter on ITV's This Morning, Ms Beer was working on BBC consumer programme Watchdog when she received the threats in March 1999, the paper said.Her colleague on the show, Anne Robinson, received a death threat by phone three days after the killing, which according to the paper said: "From Serbia, going to kill Anne Robinson, Alice Beer and two others."Ms Beer said she believed her threat was penned by the same perpetrator that threatened Miss Dando.She said: "The letters were in the same handwriting from a person claiming they wanted to capture and rape us. Mine was in amongst my mail at the BBC. My letter was handed over to the police via the programme editors or the management of the BBC. I was told Jill Dando had had a similar letter in the same handwriting and the local Shepherd's Bush police were investigating."The murder had been a "slick" and "professional" operation, she added.A spokesman for Scotland Yard said: "The Metropolitan Police Service fully investigated the circumstances into the murder of Jill Dando. Two trials took place and the investigation was subject to an internal review.
Hopes of a sunny Easter break have been washed away as Britain braces itself for a week of wind, rain and even snow.The country was hit by torrential rain and gale-force winds yesterday, and the miserable weather is set to continue.Forecasters have predicted Easter Sunday itself will be dry - but still cold and cloudy.Temperatures will plunge to a low of -1C overnight and up to 5cm of snow could fall on higher ground in northern England and Scotland.The Met Office has issued a yellow warning for ice across the top half of Britain and has said there is "potential for hazardous driving conditions".Met Office forecaster Charles Powell said it has been wet and windy and "it is not going to get that much better soon".He said: "We could see one or two icy stretches in northern parts of the UK. That's because we will see temperatures dropping down to maybe -1C across Scotland and the northern half of the UK."Wintry snow showers are expected to hit Scotland today while the rest of Britain will be hit by lashing rain and strong winds.Mr Powell said: "It will be quite heavy rain. The band of rain will sweep through the West and parts of Wales and Cumbria will see the most rain."It will hit southern areas in the mid afternoon. We will see winds picking up again with gales quite widespread across much of the UK."They will reach around 50mph and in a couple of places we could see winds of around 60mph, especially in the West."Strong winds and showers will continue in the middle of the week before calming down on Friday.While the weather is gloomy, there is a glimmer of hope as Britain should enjoy a respite from the wind and rain on Saturday and Easter Sunday itself.But he warned that the earliest Britain will see decent sunshine is Easter Monday.Mr Powell said: "It looks like the rain will by and large clear at the weekend, but it will be quite cloudy. It looks like a dry weekend with winds, but it probably won't be bright."People can head outside and do things and travel around a bit more safely."But I'm not going to promise a huge amount of sunshine because I think there will be quite a lot of cloud. But it will be quite a marked change from this weekend."
Lagos Commandant of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps, NSCDC, Gabriel Abafi has commended Nigerians for coming out en masse to participate in Saturday’s election.Abafi made this comment while monitoring the voting activities around the state lauded the electorate for coming out to participate in the electoral process despite the hue and cries about the safety of voters and the security concerns in the nation.He noted that people who still have the interest of the country at heart are much more than those who he referred to as saboteurs hell bent on dragging the fortunes of the county backwards.He commended INEC for ensuring the sanctity of the electoral process, urging them to ensure that the little hitches noticed in many polling units about the operations of the card readers are addressed against the next round of elections.Meanwhile some residents of Lagos yesterday lauded the efforts of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in conducting free and fair elections in the country.The residents who hailed the electoral umpire, said the elections went on smoothly and postponing till Sunday in some places where materials arrived late.A Health and Safety professional, Mr. Vincent Fagbolagun, said the introduction of the Card Reader also improved the electoral process.“If we study the lapses very well and we improve on the gaps identified, I am sure it will take our elections to the next level which is a free and fair one to start with.“Free and fair elections will take away violence and we will begin to trust ourselves knowing that when any government comes in place, they have to deliver to the masses,’’ Fagbolagun said.He said the conduct of the elections would challenge elected officers to deliver the dividends of democracy to the masses.Another resident, Mr. Micheal Okosis, a photographer, said that it took him five minutes to be accredited, adding that the process was smooth and fast.“These elections have shown that Nigerians are beginning to understand the democratic system of government because people really came out to vote for their choices,” he said.A trader, Mrs Ayantoye Iyabo, said that in her area at Railway Line, Ebute-Metta, Lagos, said the elections was peaceful, saying that she voted before 4: 00 pm on Saturday.“We want government to provide stable power supply and the government should also improve on health facilities,’’ Ayantoye said.A businessman, Mr Tunde Akanni, said he was unable to vote because he could not get his PVC. Akanni, however, commended the efforts of INEC in conducting a free and fair elections, adding that Nigerians should continue to give INEC support to enable it achieve its aims.
The National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Mai Mala Buni, has charged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to declare election results that truly represents the choice of the electorate.He made the call yesterday in Damaturu while answering questions from newsmen, stressing that Nigerians have expressed their commitment to democracy through the massive turnout of voters in the Saturday election.“The unprecedented massive turnout of voters across Nigeria demonstrates their commitment to democracy, their choice should be respected and declared as winners of the elections,” he urged.He observed that despite the security challenges and the hitches recorded with the elections, Nigerians committed themselves towards ensuring the success of democratic process in Nigeria.He equally charged security agents to maintain absolute neutrality in carrying out their responsibilities without partisanship to any of the political parties and their candidates.“The security agents must resist attempts by politicians to drag them into politics and resist actions that may align their loyalty to a candidate in this election,” he said.He further urged INEC to improve on the challenges faced with the card readers and other problems including delay in delivery of election materials and personnel.The secretary called on the electorate to remain peaceful, law abiding and cooperate with the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and security operatives to ensure the success of the exercise.
The Vice Chairman, Senate Committee on Education, Prof. Sola Adeyeye, has been declared the winner of the Osun Central Senatorial District election.The Returning Officer at Osun Central Senatorial District, Mr. Jide Olutomi, declared the serving senator who is the candidate of the All Progressives Congress the winner of the poll with the total votes of 137,379.The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the senatorial district, Mr. Oludaisi Aina, came second with 82,529 votes.The incumbent member of the House of Representatives representing Osogbo,/Orolu/ Irepodun/ Olorunda Federal Constituency, Mr. Lasun Yusuf, who contested on the platform of the APC scored 73,678 votes to defeat PDP’s candidate, Mr. Bashir Arogundade, who polled 33,783.The Returning Officer for the federal constituency, Dr. Babatunde Sosan, announced the result in Osogbo on Sunday.Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
A collation officer at one of the wards in Idanre Local Government Area of Ondo State was arrested by men of the Ondo State Police Command on Sunday for allegedly mutilating a result sheet while entering the figures from the election.The situation was said to have created a mild drama as polling agents and vigilant voters suspected that the official was up to something untoward.The police were immediately alerted and the collation officer arrested.Confirming the incident, the Resident Electoral Commissioner in the state, Mr. Segun Agbaje, said the situation created a problem, but the issue was being handled carefully.He said although the officer was arrested earlier on Sunday, he had since been released to complete the work he had started.Agbaje explained that the cancellations done on the sheet did not necessarily amount to an offence, since another sheet could be obtained for a re-entry of the results.“I told the police that arresting him will not solve the problem. A fresh sheet could have been given to him, so that a clearer entry of the figures could be made.“He had to be released so that the work could be completed and a new sheet to enter in the results given to him while investigation can continue,” Agbaje said.Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
Nigerians were yesterday eagerly awaiting the results of Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly elections.The elections went into second day yesterday after technical glitches occasioned by the Smart Card Readers (SCRs) deployed in the polling unitsby the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).Few of the machines introduced to do biometric verification of Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) to guide against multiple voting failed to read the cards, a situation that forced a slight adjustment in the voting period.These technical problems and the delayed arrival of election materials and officials forced INEC to extend voting till yesterday.The extension was only in the units where the devices malfunctioned and in areas where polling materials arrived late.Returning Officers and party agents were busy last night collating the results for the presidential, senatorial and House of Representatives elections.Below are the results of the  elections as announced by INEC officials yesterday.
Travis Trice vowed a day earlier that he wasn't going to cry should the Michigan State Spartans continue their improbable run to the Final Four.The senior guard's vow lasted no more than 10 seconds once the final horn sounded after Michigan State's 76-70 overtime victory over Louisville in a thrilling NCAA tournament East Regional final Sunday.Amid the frenzied celebration, Trice squatted down at center court and began to sob uncontrollably."I was actually trying to hold it in," he said. "I try to keep it even keeled. I'm mad that I even cried now."That's when senior forward Branden Dawson interjected by saying that was the first time he's ever seen Trice cry.Counted out for done as recently as six weeks ago, the seventh-seeded Spartans (27-11) let it all out in a thrilling display of perseverance and defensive grit to oust the fourth-seeded Cardinals (27-9)."I'd like to tell you that I thought five different times this year that we were good enough to get to a Final Four, but I'd be lying to you," said Coach Tom Izzo, who described this as the best of seven regional final victories he has enjoyed. "But I think the burning desire to be in this Final Four, and they didn't want to be a group that didn't make it. I think it was more of the battle cry all year long."Trice led the Spartans with 17 points. Dawson had 11 rebounds, including a key putback of Bryn Forbes' missed three-point shot with 31.7 seconds left in overtime. And Denzel Valentine scored 15 points for a Michigan State team that won for the 12th time in 15 games. It's a run that included them knocking off second-seeded Virginia last weekend and third-seeded Oklahoma in the regional semifinal Friday.Michigan State will face Duke, which beat Gonzaga, 66-52, in the South Regional final, on Saturday in Indianapolis.Wayne Blackshear had 28 points for the Cardinals in a game that featured 11 lead changes.There could have been a 12th with 4.9 seconds left in regulation, when Cardinals forward Mangok Mathiang hit his first free throw to tie the game on a shot that hit off the heel of the rim and bounced high and in. But he wasn't so fortunate on his second one, which also hit the heel and bounced wide left."Sometimes it can be a cruel game. I was positive we were going to win it when the first free throw went in because it shouldn't have gone in," Cardinals Coach Rick Pitino said. "It's very difficult for all the players. But real proud of our guys."Louisville was denied a shot of making its third Final Four in four years, and 11th overall.It's the ninth Final Four appearance for the Spartans, and first since 2010, when they lost, 52-50, to Butler in the national semifinals. Izzo has led them to seven Final Fours including the 2000 national championship.The Spartans did it with a roster that was regarded as having less talent than the team that lost in the regional final to Connecticut a year ago. Michigan State lost three of its top four scorers."Everybody doubted us. Everybody had us down and out," Valentine said. "They didn't have us making the tournament. We just kept strong. We believe in ourselves."The Spartans rallied from a 40-32 halftime deficit to eventually build a 61-59 lead with 3:57 left, when Trice hit two free throws.Michigan State took control in overtime, starting with Forbes hitting a three-pointer 26 seconds in.The Spartans then sealed it in the final 31 seconds. Dawson did what Izzo's teams have done well over the years: He put back a three-point miss by Forbes to put Michigan State up, 74-70.Valentine batted away Quentin Snider's pass into the paint on the Cardinals' next possession, and Trice sealed the win by hitting two free throws with 10.1 seconds left.Michigan State's defense — Izzo's other trademark — played havoc with the Cardinals. After hitting 17 of 32 attempts in the first half, Louisville managed to make six of its final 32.It is the third straight year one conference has had two teams in the Final Four. The Southeastern Conference did last year with Kentucky and Florida and the Big East had Louisville and Syracuse in 2013.The last time the Big Ten did it was 2005 with Michigan State and Illinois.Though Blackshear stepped up his performance in what became his final collegiate game, Cardinals junior forward Montrezl Harrell struggled.Harrell missed his last five shots and was off on five of nine free throws in what was also his final game. Harrell has already indicated his intention to enter the NBA draft."It hurts a lot," he said."It's over," added Blackshear, a member of the Cardinals 2013 national championship team. "But I get to look back and say I had a great career."Blackshear had his nose bloodied with 3:57 left, when he hit a driving layup and was fouled hard by Matt Costello. Dillon Avare came off the bench to hit the free throw while Blackshear missed a few possessions while being tended to on the bench.
Day to day with the maestro of music photography.When you think about contemporary music photography, few names pop up as standouts or icons—but of the ones that do, Danny Clinch is at the top of the list. Since cutting his teeth in the early ’90s with everyone from Tupac to Pearl Jam, Clinch has attained a level of comfort with major artists that few photographers enjoy, to the point of even joining them onstage with his harmonica from time to time.When he’s not shooting campaigns for John Varvatos, he’s a staple at most major music events—his portable portrait studio is a mainstay at Bonnaroo and backstage at the Grammys. Clinch is a rare name brand, far removed from the unwashed hordes that are the digital era’s freelance photographers, a master of his craft and a member of the A list he shoots. His Instagram feed is proof of that status, often showing celebrity images you’ve had burned into your retinas but never knew who shot them, but just as often offering a glimpse of his life on the road or the quieter side of things, surfing or chilling in South America. With a newish book—Still Moving—and a show up at the Milk Gallery in New York City, Clinch is a busy guy, to say the least. We caught him between shoots for a quick interview, and he’ll be taking over our own Instagram account for a couple days starting Monday.So how did you get your start in photography?My mom is the snapshot queen! She got me interested initially, then my love of music and photography took over.My early influences were Annie Leibovitz and Jim Marshall, then I discovered Irving Penn, Robert Frank, and Danny Lyon.How has Instagram changed or influenced the way you approach photography?I have always been a photographer that never leaves home without his camera, so being able to share photographs spontaneously is really cool.It’s also is a great marketing tool and lets people know what you’re up to. The other thing I love about Instagram is that I feel like people who otherwise would have never picked up a camera are learning to see the world in new ways.Who are your favorite accounts?Lots of friends, Wayne Lawrence from the Orchard Beach series, Sacha Lecca. Clark Little…Too many to note! Shane Dorian. For some reason, I’m drawn to surfing, cars, and motorcycles, as well as music.What have you been working on lately?My book, Still Moving, came out in September, so a lot of book signings and gallery shows. I have one up now at Milk Gallery in NYC called Walls of Sound. A new limited edition book called Motor Drive, which is a series of musicians with, in, or on cars, motorcycles, tour buses…anything with a motor. It’s limited to 340 books, the same number of cubic inches in Tom Morello’s 1972 Dodge Demon motor. Also, a doc on Blind Melon singer Shannon Hoon, whose family gave me all his personal videotapes from his time with the band. He was a relentless documentarian, pre-iPhone, and it will be a powerful film.You’ve been shooting music for a long time. How have you seen it change with the advent of digital and phone photography?Well, of course everyone has a camera phone and is now a photographer. Digital creates a very easy entry point for new photographers, but at the end of the day, it still needs to be a great photograph!I would say going to San Quentin with Metallica and the Malloy Brothers to shoot the video for “St. Anger.” We had to sign a release stating that they would not negotiate for our release if we happened to be taken hostage. I have some of these photographs in Still Moving.What’s the worst shooting situation you’ve ever been in?I can’t recall. I’m usually up for the challenge of creating something positive out of chaos.
