If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page.
Alice Beer, who worked alongside Miss Dando on the BBC's Children in Need and Holiday shows, told a newspaper yesterday (sun) she received the sinister letter in her BBC mail, which bosses had passed on to police.But the 49-year-old said she had not been interviewed by officers either before or after Miss Dando was shot dead outside her home in Fulham, west London, in April 1999.Barry George, of Fulham, was initially convicted in July 2001 but was acquitted of killing the 37-year-old presenter at a retrial in August 2008.Ms Beer told the paper: "There are a lot of questions I would like answering. They've been at the back of my mind. I waited for a call from the police after Jill's death - but it never came. Nobody spoke to me about the threat."Nobody questioned anything. If no stone were left unturned in that investigation then I would have been called."Now a presenter on ITV's This Morning, Ms Beer was working on BBC consumer programme Watchdog when she received the threats in March 1999, the paper said.Her colleague on the show, Anne Robinson, received a death threat by phone three days after the killing, which according to the paper said: "From Serbia, going to kill Anne Robinson, Alice Beer and two others."Ms Beer said she believed her threat was penned by the same perpetrator that threatened Miss Dando.She said: "The letters were in the same handwriting from a person claiming they wanted to capture and rape us. Mine was in amongst my mail at the BBC. My letter was handed over to the police via the programme editors or the management of the BBC. I was told Jill Dando had had a similar letter in the same handwriting and the local Shepherd's Bush police were investigating."The murder had been a "slick" and "professional" operation, she added.A spokesman for Scotland Yard said: "The Metropolitan Police Service fully investigated the circumstances into the murder of Jill Dando. Two trials took place and the investigation was subject to an internal review.
Hopes of a sunny Easter break have been washed away as Britain braces itself for a week of wind, rain and even snow.The country was hit by torrential rain and gale-force winds yesterday, and the miserable weather is set to continue.Forecasters have predicted Easter Sunday itself will be dry - but still cold and cloudy.Temperatures will plunge to a low of -1C overnight and up to 5cm of snow could fall on higher ground in northern England and Scotland.The Met Office has issued a yellow warning for ice across the top half of Britain and has said there is "potential for hazardous driving conditions".Met Office forecaster Charles Powell said it has been wet and windy and "it is not going to get that much better soon".He said: "We could see one or two icy stretches in northern parts of the UK. That's because we will see temperatures dropping down to maybe -1C across Scotland and the northern half of the UK."Wintry snow showers are expected to hit Scotland today while the rest of Britain will be hit by lashing rain and strong winds.Mr Powell said: "It will be quite heavy rain. The band of rain will sweep through the West and parts of Wales and Cumbria will see the most rain."It will hit southern areas in the mid afternoon. We will see winds picking up again with gales quite widespread across much of the UK."They will reach around 50mph and in a couple of places we could see winds of around 60mph, especially in the West."Strong winds and showers will continue in the middle of the week before calming down on Friday.While the weather is gloomy, there is a glimmer of hope as Britain should enjoy a respite from the wind and rain on Saturday and Easter Sunday itself.But he warned that the earliest Britain will see decent sunshine is Easter Monday.Mr Powell said: "It looks like the rain will by and large clear at the weekend, but it will be quite cloudy. It looks like a dry weekend with winds, but it probably won't be bright."People can head outside and do things and travel around a bit more safely."But I'm not going to promise a huge amount of sunshine because I think there will be quite a lot of cloud. But it will be quite a marked change from this weekend."
Lagos Commandant of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps, NSCDC, Gabriel Abafi has commended Nigerians for coming out en masse to participate in Saturday’s election.Abafi made this comment while monitoring the voting activities around the state lauded the electorate for coming out to participate in the electoral process despite the hue and cries about the safety of voters and the security concerns in the nation.He noted that people who still have the interest of the country at heart are much more than those who he referred to as saboteurs hell bent on dragging the fortunes of the county backwards.He commended INEC for ensuring the sanctity of the electoral process, urging them to ensure that the little hitches noticed in many polling units about the operations of the card readers are addressed against the next round of elections.Meanwhile some residents of Lagos yesterday lauded the efforts of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in conducting free and fair elections in the country.The residents who hailed the electoral umpire, said the elections went on smoothly and postponing till Sunday in some places where materials arrived late.A Health and Safety professional, Mr. Vincent Fagbolagun, said the introduction of the Card Reader also improved the electoral process.“If we study the lapses very well and we improve on the gaps identified, I am sure it will take our elections to the next level which is a free and fair one to start with.“Free and fair elections will take away violence and we will begin to trust ourselves knowing that when any government comes in place, they have to deliver to the masses,’’ Fagbolagun said.He said the conduct of the elections would challenge elected officers to deliver the dividends of democracy to the masses.Another resident, Mr. Micheal Okosis, a photographer, said that it took him five minutes to be accredited, adding that the process was smooth and fast.“These elections have shown that Nigerians are beginning to understand the democratic system of government because people really came out to vote for their choices,” he said.A trader, Mrs Ayantoye Iyabo, said that in her area at Railway Line, Ebute-Metta, Lagos, said the elections was peaceful, saying that she voted before 4: 00 pm on Saturday.“We want government to provide stable power supply and the government should also improve on health facilities,’’ Ayantoye said.A businessman, Mr Tunde Akanni, said he was unable to vote because he could not get his PVC. Akanni, however, commended the efforts of INEC in conducting a free and fair elections, adding that Nigerians should continue to give INEC support to enable it achieve its aims.
The National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Mai Mala Buni, has charged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to declare election results that truly represents the choice of the electorate.He made the call yesterday in Damaturu while answering questions from newsmen, stressing that Nigerians have expressed their commitment to democracy through the massive turnout of voters in the Saturday election.“The unprecedented massive turnout of voters across Nigeria demonstrates their commitment to democracy, their choice should be respected and declared as winners of the elections,” he urged.He observed that despite the security challenges and the hitches recorded with the elections, Nigerians committed themselves towards ensuring the success of democratic process in Nigeria.He equally charged security agents to maintain absolute neutrality in carrying out their responsibilities without partisanship to any of the political parties and their candidates.“The security agents must resist attempts by politicians to drag them into politics and resist actions that may align their loyalty to a candidate in this election,” he said.He further urged INEC to improve on the challenges faced with the card readers and other problems including delay in delivery of election materials and personnel.The secretary called on the electorate to remain peaceful, law abiding and cooperate with the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and security operatives to ensure the success of the exercise.
The Vice Chairman, Senate Committee on Education, Prof. Sola Adeyeye, has been declared the winner of the Osun Central Senatorial District election.The Returning Officer at Osun Central Senatorial District, Mr. Jide Olutomi, declared the serving senator who is the candidate of the All Progressives Congress the winner of the poll with the total votes of 137,379.The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the senatorial district, Mr. Oludaisi Aina, came second with 82,529 votes.The incumbent member of the House of Representatives representing Osogbo,/Orolu/ Irepodun/ Olorunda Federal Constituency, Mr. Lasun Yusuf, who contested on the platform of the APC scored 73,678 votes to defeat PDP’s candidate, Mr. Bashir Arogundade, who polled 33,783.The Returning Officer for the federal constituency, Dr. Babatunde Sosan, announced the result in Osogbo on Sunday.Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
A collation officer at one of the wards in Idanre Local Government Area of Ondo State was arrested by men of the Ondo State Police Command on Sunday for allegedly mutilating a result sheet while entering the figures from the election.The situation was said to have created a mild drama as polling agents and vigilant voters suspected that the official was up to something untoward.The police were immediately alerted and the collation officer arrested.Confirming the incident, the Resident Electoral Commissioner in the state, Mr. Segun Agbaje, said the situation created a problem, but the issue was being handled carefully.He said although the officer was arrested earlier on Sunday, he had since been released to complete the work he had started.Agbaje explained that the cancellations done on the sheet did not necessarily amount to an offence, since another sheet could be obtained for a re-entry of the results.“I told the police that arresting him will not solve the problem. A fresh sheet could have been given to him, so that a clearer entry of the figures could be made.“He had to be released so that the work could be completed and a new sheet to enter in the results given to him while investigation can continue,” Agbaje said.Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
Nigerians were yesterday eagerly awaiting the results of Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly elections.The elections went into second day yesterday after technical glitches occasioned by the Smart Card Readers (SCRs) deployed in the polling unitsby the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).Few of the machines introduced to do biometric verification of Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) to guide against multiple voting failed to read the cards, a situation that forced a slight adjustment in the voting period.These technical problems and the delayed arrival of election materials and officials forced INEC to extend voting till yesterday.The extension was only in the units where the devices malfunctioned and in areas where polling materials arrived late.Returning Officers and party agents were busy last night collating the results for the presidential, senatorial and House of Representatives elections.Below are the results of the  elections as announced by INEC officials yesterday.
Travis Trice vowed a day earlier that he wasn't going to cry should the Michigan State Spartans continue their improbable run to the Final Four.The senior guard's vow lasted no more than 10 seconds once the final horn sounded after Michigan State's 76-70 overtime victory over Louisville in a thrilling NCAA tournament East Regional final Sunday.Amid the frenzied celebration, Trice squatted down at center court and began to sob uncontrollably."I was actually trying to hold it in," he said. "I try to keep it even keeled. I'm mad that I even cried now."That's when senior forward Branden Dawson interjected by saying that was the first time he's ever seen Trice cry.Counted out for done as recently as six weeks ago, the seventh-seeded Spartans (27-11) let it all out in a thrilling display of perseverance and defensive grit to oust the fourth-seeded Cardinals (27-9)."I'd like to tell you that I thought five different times this year that we were good enough to get to a Final Four, but I'd be lying to you," said Coach Tom Izzo, who described this as the best of seven regional final victories he has enjoyed. "But I think the burning desire to be in this Final Four, and they didn't want to be a group that didn't make it. I think it was more of the battle cry all year long."Trice led the Spartans with 17 points. Dawson had 11 rebounds, including a key putback of Bryn Forbes' missed three-point shot with 31.7 seconds left in overtime. And Denzel Valentine scored 15 points for a Michigan State team that won for the 12th time in 15 games. It's a run that included them knocking off second-seeded Virginia last weekend and third-seeded Oklahoma in the regional semifinal Friday.Michigan State will face Duke, which beat Gonzaga, 66-52, in the South Regional final, on Saturday in Indianapolis.Wayne Blackshear had 28 points for the Cardinals in a game that featured 11 lead changes.There could have been a 12th with 4.9 seconds left in regulation, when Cardinals forward Mangok Mathiang hit his first free throw to tie the game on a shot that hit off the heel of the rim and bounced high and in. But he wasn't so fortunate on his second one, which also hit the heel and bounced wide left."Sometimes it can be a cruel game. I was positive we were going to win it when the first free throw went in because it shouldn't have gone in," Cardinals Coach Rick Pitino said. "It's very difficult for all the players. But real proud of our guys."Louisville was denied a shot of making its third Final Four in four years, and 11th overall.It's the ninth Final Four appearance for the Spartans, and first since 2010, when they lost, 52-50, to Butler in the national semifinals. Izzo has led them to seven Final Fours including the 2000 national championship.The Spartans did it with a roster that was regarded as having less talent than the team that lost in the regional final to Connecticut a year ago. Michigan State lost three of its top four scorers."Everybody doubted us. Everybody had us down and out," Valentine said. "They didn't have us making the tournament. We just kept strong. We believe in ourselves."The Spartans rallied from a 40-32 halftime deficit to eventually build a 61-59 lead with 3:57 left, when Trice hit two free throws.Michigan State took control in overtime, starting with Forbes hitting a three-pointer 26 seconds in.The Spartans then sealed it in the final 31 seconds. Dawson did what Izzo's teams have done well over the years: He put back a three-point miss by Forbes to put Michigan State up, 74-70.Valentine batted away Quentin Snider's pass into the paint on the Cardinals' next possession, and Trice sealed the win by hitting two free throws with 10.1 seconds left.Michigan State's defense — Izzo's other trademark — played havoc with the Cardinals. After hitting 17 of 32 attempts in the first half, Louisville managed to make six of its final 32.It is the third straight year one conference has had two teams in the Final Four. The Southeastern Conference did last year with Kentucky and Florida and the Big East had Louisville and Syracuse in 2013.The last time the Big Ten did it was 2005 with Michigan State and Illinois.Though Blackshear stepped up his performance in what became his final collegiate game, Cardinals junior forward Montrezl Harrell struggled.Harrell missed his last five shots and was off on five of nine free throws in what was also his final game. Harrell has already indicated his intention to enter the NBA draft."It hurts a lot," he said."It's over," added Blackshear, a member of the Cardinals 2013 national championship team. "But I get to look back and say I had a great career."Blackshear had his nose bloodied with 3:57 left, when he hit a driving layup and was fouled hard by Matt Costello. Dillon Avare came off the bench to hit the free throw while Blackshear missed a few possessions while being tended to on the bench.
Day to day with the maestro of music photography.When you think about contemporary music photography, few names pop up as standouts or icons—but of the ones that do, Danny Clinch is at the top of the list. Since cutting his teeth in the early ’90s with everyone from Tupac to Pearl Jam, Clinch has attained a level of comfort with major artists that few photographers enjoy, to the point of even joining them onstage with his harmonica from time to time.When he’s not shooting campaigns for John Varvatos, he’s a staple at most major music events—his portable portrait studio is a mainstay at Bonnaroo and backstage at the Grammys. Clinch is a rare name brand, far removed from the unwashed hordes that are the digital era’s freelance photographers, a master of his craft and a member of the A list he shoots. His Instagram feed is proof of that status, often showing celebrity images you’ve had burned into your retinas but never knew who shot them, but just as often offering a glimpse of his life on the road or the quieter side of things, surfing or chilling in South America. With a newish book—Still Moving—and a show up at the Milk Gallery in New York City, Clinch is a busy guy, to say the least. We caught him between shoots for a quick interview, and he’ll be taking over our own Instagram account for a couple days starting Monday.So how did you get your start in photography?My mom is the snapshot queen! She got me interested initially, then my love of music and photography took over.My early influences were Annie Leibovitz and Jim Marshall, then I discovered Irving Penn, Robert Frank, and Danny Lyon.How has Instagram changed or influenced the way you approach photography?I have always been a photographer that never leaves home without his camera, so being able to share photographs spontaneously is really cool.It’s also is a great marketing tool and lets people know what you’re up to. The other thing I love about Instagram is that I feel like people who otherwise would have never picked up a camera are learning to see the world in new ways.Who are your favorite accounts?Lots of friends, Wayne Lawrence from the Orchard Beach series, Sacha Lecca. Clark Little…Too many to note! Shane Dorian. For some reason, I’m drawn to surfing, cars, and motorcycles, as well as music.What have you been working on lately?My book, Still Moving, came out in September, so a lot of book signings and gallery shows. I have one up now at Milk Gallery in NYC called Walls of Sound. A new limited edition book called Motor Drive, which is a series of musicians with, in, or on cars, motorcycles, tour buses…anything with a motor. It’s limited to 340 books, the same number of cubic inches in Tom Morello’s 1972 Dodge Demon motor. Also, a doc on Blind Melon singer Shannon Hoon, whose family gave me all his personal videotapes from his time with the band. He was a relentless documentarian, pre-iPhone, and it will be a powerful film.You’ve been shooting music for a long time. How have you seen it change with the advent of digital and phone photography?Well, of course everyone has a camera phone and is now a photographer. Digital creates a very easy entry point for new photographers, but at the end of the day, it still needs to be a great photograph!I would say going to San Quentin with Metallica and the Malloy Brothers to shoot the video for “St. Anger.” We had to sign a release stating that they would not negotiate for our release if we happened to be taken hostage. I have some of these photographs in Still Moving.What’s the worst shooting situation you’ve ever been in?I can’t recall. I’m usually up for the challenge of creating something positive out of chaos.
Beach Energy shares dropped as much as 5.6 per cent in early trading after Chevron abandoned its $349 million unconventional exploration venture in the Cooper Basin, leaving Beach to find an alternative partner at a time of reduced spending.The shares in Beach, whose largest shareholder is Seven Group Holdings, slid 6c to $1.02 shortly after the market opened. Shares in Icon Energy, the junior partner in one of the joint ventures with Chevron, slumped as much as 18 per cent.Chevron said late on Friday that it would not proceed with a second stage of their Nappamerri Trough drilling venture, exercising its right to walk away for no compensation after spending $190 million on the first stage. The second stage would have involved pilot testing for production to try to demonstrate the viability of unconventional gas production in one of Australia's leading prospective regions for shale resources.Chevron's decision was "unsurprising" given the US energy giant's cost saving and divestment program, said JPMorgan energy analyst Benjamin Wilson.Chevron recently upped its target for divestments by $US5 billion ($6.5 billion), although much of that was already achieved on Friday with its sudden $4.6 billion exit from Caltex Australia's share register.Chevron's decision is a blow to Beach and could raise questions about unconventional oil and gas prospects in Australia, particularly as the Cooper Basin's existing infrastructure made it a contending region. Earlier on Friday, Beach advised on an upgrade of "contingent resources" in the ATP855 permit in Queensland in the Nappamerri Trough, by 943 billion cubic feet to 1572 bcf.Beach Energy senior executives have spoken openly about the possibility of Chevron exiting the venture, although former managing director Reg Nelson had said the company was satisfied with the results of the initial phase, which pointed to a large unconventional resource in the region.Mr Wilson said he had got the impression in a recent meeting with new managing director Rob Cole that Beach was planning for a future without the backing of Chevron in the Nappamerri Trough. But he said the decision was still "a fresh blow" coming on the heels of the early redemption of Beach's $300 million convertible note.Beach earlier this month said it would use undrawn bank debt to redeem the notes after investors holding more than 90 per cent of the notes opted to redeem them."In light of the current oil price environment it is difficult to draw a conclusion as to whether Chevron's exit from the NTNG [Napamerri Trough Natural Gas] JV is related to a view on the commercial prospects of the asset or whether it was a soft target for spending cuts," Mr Wilson said in a note to clients."Chevron, like most other majors and independent E&Ps [exploration and production companies] globally, is high grading exploration prospects and it is entirely likely that the long dated and uncertain nature of the NTNG prospect does not mesh with its current focus on conserving capital for near term committed projects and production.On Friday, Beach said it would scale back spending on the Nappamerri Trough exploration, pointing to "minimal spend" anticipated in the Queensland part of the venture with Icon Energy in the rest of the 2015 financial year and into 2016.Mr Cole said Beach looked forward to progressing the work "at a pace consistent with prevailing market conditions."The deal between Beach and Chevron was hailed as groundbreaking for the unconventional sector when it was struck in February 2013 as it represented the biggest potential commitment by a foreign company in the local sector.In the first phase, Chevron paid about $US190 million in cash and exploration costs. The second phase, had it gone ahead, would have involved a further $US124 million commitment, with a further $US35 million payment to follow.As Chevron has decided to exit, its interest is reassigned to Beach at no cost.
Benefit cuts and reforms are undermining efforts to help recovering alcoholics and drug users, according to a new reportThe study, by West Dunbartonshire Alcohol and Drug Partnership, found that one in five clients affected by welfare reforms had increased their alcohol or drug use. More than half did not have enough money to feed themselves and their families and 41 per cent had had to borrow money to survive.The draft study, has yet to be signed off by partners including WDADP, NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde, and West Dunbartonshire Council, is due to be published in May.It says changes to eligibility have made it harder for people with addiction issues to qualify for some disability benefits, while a huge increase in benefit sanctions has had a particular impact on the clients of addiction agencies. A third of those surveyed had seen Job Seekers' Allowance (JSA) or Employment Support Allowance (ESA) payments stopped for an alleged breach of the rules.The report says benefit cuts and changes are having a dramatic effect on people in recovery from addiction. "Welfare reform changes [are] having a detrimental impact on the recovery journey of many service users, not simply affecting their financial circumstances, but also impacting on their mental and physical health and wellbeing," it says.Staff and volunteers are also being affected, the authors say."Addiction service workers were coming under increased pressure to help clients complete benefit forms, provide letters of support and advocacy."The arrival of Universal Credit, the new benefit due to be rolled out later this year, will require people who work in part time or low paid jobs to look for more work to increase their income, it says. "This is likely to impact on staff and volunteers working for addiction and mental health services as well as clients."While UC will introduce a job seeking 'holiday' of up to six months for people seeking treatment for drug or alcohol dependency, this is may not be helpful, the report says as it could lead to the wrong people being referred for help, overloading services and leading to longer waiting times for rehab and support.One senior nurse told researchers that working with clients was being made more difficult. "Most of our patients don't have a lot of money at the best of times, and now quite a lot are coming in and saying they are losing their benefits because they have been a minute late for an appointment or haven't completed their work diary the right way and they have nothing to live on for weeks."The report adds: "behind each statistic are some harrowing stories of people who are struggling to deal with an addiction while under unprecedented financial pressures."A consultant psychiatrist commented: "anything that leads to increased levels of anxiety is likely to lead to higher levels of relapse."David Liddell, director of Scottish Drugs Forum, said the findings were being replicated across Scotland and had been borne out by his organisation's own work."An unpublished survey we did at the end of last year found that 43% of services reported a negative impact and 69% had seen an increased workload as a result of benefit reform" he said."Clients are facing a lack of money for utilities, debt, stress and rent arrears, an increased reliance on foodbanks and for some an increase in offending. That is all increasing the risk of relapse."Drug agency staff are not welfare advisors and spending more of their time writing letters in support of clients takes away from work to tackle addiction. This is not a good use of public funds."Drug and alcohol dependency was not a lifestyle choice, he said and vulnerable people need support. "Apart from the need to care for the most marginalised in society, this will cost more money in terms of increased crime, use of hospital and homelessness services, and chasing rent arrears," he added.
‘Consumers need to put more pressure on the banks by threatening to switch their business’Paul from Dublin has been in touch with a story we think is instructive. He says he succeeded in persuading Bank of Ireland to reduce the interest rate on his mortgage, thereby saving himself more than €700 in interest payments this year alone.“All borrowers on standard variable rate mortgages should be pressurising their lenders to reduce the rate,” he says. “I’ve been with BoI over 30 years, since I was student, but I’m sick of paying penal mortgage rates. The cost of borrowing money is minuscule at the moment, yet the bank was charging me 4 per cent.”This was based on what Paul says was “a completely false loan-to-value calculation, because the original loan sum included bridging finance, which was paid back within months, when the sale of our old house went through”.The money borrowed was used to refurbish his house, thereby increasing its value. “So our loan-to-value is less than 25 per cent,” he says, “but this wasn’t reflected in the mortgage interest rate. KBC Bank were offering 3.75 per cent, plus a further 0.2 per cent reduction if I moved my current account.“It’s a big inconvenience to move, but I was prepared to do so in view of the long-term savings to be made over the remaining 15 years on the mortgage.“But first I rang Bank of Ireland and told them I intended moving. I expressed my dismay that I was being treated so badly after so many years as a loyal customer. I made it clear my LTV was far lower than they were giving me credit for. I threatened to move my current account as well.“To be fair to the bank, they came back and knocked 0.3 per cent off my rate, without requiring a house valuation.Paul believed that was still too high, and he pressed for a further improvement. “But they wouldn’t budge. They have presumably calculated I’m less likely to go to the trouble of moving for the sake of a further 0.15 per cent improvement over at KBC,” because you have to employ a solicitor to do the legal work and obtain a valuation.Paul is mad as hell about the high standard variable rates that people are paying. “I’m angry that we are paying the cost of recapitalising Bank of Ireland. If the Government wanted to find one thing that would help it regain popularity, it would be to pressurise the banks to lower their rates; this would be worth far more in our pockets than the cost of any water charges. But my experience shows that consumers also need to put more pressure on the banks by threatening to switch their business.”A reader call Tim is baffled. He has car insurance with Allianz Direct, which is selling a product called Bonus Protection. “Essentially, this is an insurance policy that insures your no-claims bonus. So in the event of a claim, the anticipation is that you don’t have a related increase in your insurance policy the next year,” he explains.“I got a knock in the supermarket car park on Wednesday so called Allianz about claiming. I explained my bonus protection scheme.They told him “it was important I know how bonus protection worked. He said it did not mean a crash was not considered in next year’s premiums, as most people think. In other words, a claim will be included in the calculation of next year’s premium, even if you have bonus protection insurance.”Tim was given an example. He was told that if the “base rate” for car insurance was €1,000 and you have a 60 per cent no-claims discount, your policy should cost, without extras, €400. “Next year, as a result of your claim, your policy might rise to €2,000, but, because your bonus is protected at 60 per cent, the 60 per cent still applies. So on a €2,000 policy, you pay €800.”He then found out that he is allowed one claim every three years under the bonus protection scheme. “But the scheme is renewed annually at a cost of about €60. So what am I paying for in year two and three, if I can’t claim – or is the real cost of bonus protection €180?”He then does the maths. “If the cost of repair is about €500, and I have a €250 excess, then I pay €250 plus the bonus protection payment in year two and three, which adds €120, bringing my contribution to the €500 repair bill to €370, plus a potential doubling of my insurance costs next year. My insurance costs are about €360 per year, which means that in order to get the insurance to pay the €500 repair bill, it could cost me €360, plus €370 – a total of €730 to have the insurance pay the €500 repair bill, plus additional costs.We contacted Allianz, and a spokesman said “bonus protection” was not “premium protection”.“Where ‘no-claims bonus protection’ cover has been opted for, the value of the bonus or ‘discount’ to be applied remains intact, but the underlining premium can change if the driver has an accident.” The spokesman suggested our reader contact the Financial Ombudsman if he was not happy.
I’ve caught up with your Xenoblade Chronicles 3D review – I regret to say that it won’t tempt me towards a New 3DS, albeit for idiosyncratic reasons.I guess that I still made Nintendo happy by buying my 3DS XL just over a month before the upgraded models were announced, and I’m still busy with the games I bought before and (cheaply from Argos) after the hardware. They’ll be happier still that they didn’t have to refund me for my copy of the original Xenoblade Chronicles.  I bought that back in 2012 (after there was no discernible drop in price) and it just didn’t work: a ‘turn your Wii off’ message was all that ever resulted.I’d of exchanged it at my local HMV if they still had a copy but had to ring Nintendo; their eventual suggestion was to send the disc back for a repair, and they duly sent out a Freepost label. A reorganisation at home saw that and the game vanish, until late last year and it was my pleasant surprise to find that it booted up first time. It’s pulled the old trick a couple of times, but it looks like I’ve got the knack now. The game itself has proved to be a lovable mixed bag.I’m slowly getting the hang of combat but that confidence always seems to precede a boss or high-level monster battle where it really isn’t clear what I did on the thirtieth attempt that improved on all the previous failures.  You mention the small script on the New 3DS – I’m finding it hellish on a 32-inch set! I really like the ambience though, exploring’s fun, the English voices are fine for me; and cliff-diving is clearly never going to grow old! (Although, in a traditional late entry for the emotional Hot Topic, it does remind me with which character I first jumped…]I’m not doing myself any favours by having two other role-playing games on the go on the handheld, I’m afraid; not to mention Animal Crossing and, as of this week, Pokemon Shuffle (I like it, but then I understand and am not tempted by the ease of the dodgy options, nor am I responsible for anyone who would be susceptible).My Argos purchases also Included Dead Or Alive Dimensions and Super Street Fighter IV and they too take a toll (DOA’s diabolical story mode on the brain, mostly!).  I like both but would just make the observation that in the three months it’s taken to get a StreetPass hit for Street Fighter, I’ve had forty-seven jiggling ones… Mr Graham Addressing The NationGC: If you already have the Wii version there’s really no reason at all to get Xenoblade Chronicles 3D. Unless you desperately want to play it on the toilet.
The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has debunked claims by the Presidential campaign of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that the party is leading in 23 states of the federation.The INEC Chairman, Prof. Attahiru Jega dismissed the claim by the PDP, stressing that collation of results had only been collated in two states, including Ekiti State, adding that, “except more states have finished collation while we are in this hall.”Jega stated this while addressing a press conference at the international Conference Centre said, “You will have to direct the question to the person who said that (claim of victory in 23 states).“And I think you should be careful of such information from people that are partisan,” Mr. Jega said.He also warned against unofficial announcement of results.“Only INEC can declare winners,” he said.The Media. Director of the presidential campaign, Chief Femi Fani-kayode had said that ,”As we speak now, we are winning in 23 states and we have 64 percent while the APC is winning in 14 states and has 36 percent. These results are subject to confirmation by the Independent National Electoral Commission”.Fani Kayode said that the reports that PDP are getting from the field are that President Jonathan is doing very well in the south and north central and that the PDP are making very strong inroads into various states in the core north.He similarly accused the All Progressive Congress (APC) for aligning itself with some media houses to post fake election results on the net.He made the accusation yesterday while briefing the press on the results being peddled on the social media that his party and prominent members are losing in their polling units to the APC.According to Fani-Kayode, who described the attitude as nonsensical, absurd and childish added that the PDPAS of today is in control of 23 states representing 64 percent of the votes cast across the country.Fani-kayode asserts that, “the level of disinformation and falsehood that is being peddled around by the friends of the opposition in the media and particularly their paid agents and associates on the social media about the results of Saturdays elections”.He said, “Since yesterday afternoon they have been releasing fake results and they have been attempting to mislead the Nigerian people and our friends in the international community”.According to him, “The public have been inundated with lie after lie about the APC’s so-called victories in virtually every single polling booth, ward, local government area and state in the country. This is not only nonsensical but it is also far-fetched, absurd and childish”.He alleged that, “two opposition media houses and their associates in the social media went as far as to shamelessly claim that President Goodluck Jonathan lost in my polling unit and in my ward in Ile-Ife, when in actual fact the President not only won in my polling booth and ward but he also won in virtually every other ward in the four local government areas of Ile Ife in Osun state where I come from”.“The dirty lies that these two media houses have told is just one example of the gross and irresponsible mendacities and falsehood that the agents and associates of the APC habitually enjoy peddling. As we have always said, they are a party of liars that are led and inspired by a small cabalistic cult of shameful deceivers, liars and cheap propaganda merchants. In them there is no truth and lying is their second nature and natural habitat”.For example, “they claimed that Senator Musiliu Obanikoro who is presently the Honorable Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Senator Iyiola Omisore, the leader of our party in Osun state, Governor Olusegun Mimiko, the Governor of Ondo state, Senator David Mark, the Senate President, and so many other of our highly esteemed and respected leaders also lost their polling units and wards to General Muhammadu Buhari and the APC candidates for the various elections”.Needless to say, ” these claims by the APC are not only false but they are also absurd and nauseating. Such mendacities are indicative of the fact that they have lost touch with reality as we have always suspected. As a matter of fact we are surprised that they didn’t claim that the President himself also lost in his polling unit and ward and that he in fact voted for Buhari rather than for himself. Such is their level of depravity and deceit that they will manufacture any lie and assert any falsehood just to gain an edge and feed their vain delusions”He explained that the motive for the lies and disinformation of the APC is to create high expectations for their supporters so that when the real results come out and they are announced by INEC, and when those real results do not tally with the fake results that the APC had told their agents and friends to release, they will begin to run riot, create havoc and kill people.
Unknown gunmen yesterday morning at about 6 am in a convoy of over ten vehicles attacked many polling units in Kirfi, Alkaleri LGA of Bauchi State and destroyed many electoral materials.It could be recalled that on Saturday unknown gunmen in about six vehicles attacked a polling unit at Yautara ward in Darazo LGA and set ablaze electoral materials.The Bauchi state Police Command Public Relation Officer, DSP Haruna Mohammed who confirmed the incidence said unspecified number of unknown gunmen in a convoy of over ten vehicles stormed many polling units in Kirfi, Alkaleri LGA and destroyed many electoral materials.According to her, hoodlums further attacked Kirfi and Alkaleri divisional police headquarters, but were repelled and pursued towards Dindima town along Bauchi Gombe road.The public relation officer said, “Combined security forces comprising the police and army forced the hoodlums to abandon their mission and escaped into the bush”.Meanwhile the DSP Haruna pointed out that operations are still ongoing. The entire surroundings has been cordoned off by combined security forces and effort is being intensified to restore normalcy in the area. Members of the public are urged to remain calm and disregard rumour from mischief makers.A reliable source who is a resident said, “The gunmen stormed the town early morning of today and attacked Alkaleri divisional police station, INEC office and central primary school which was made as the collation center of Saturday’s election in the LGA.A reliable source at the district head of Alkaleri also confirmed the attack. He said they came in four Hilux firing sporadic shots and people scampered for safety, many could not come out from their house.He said, “The gunmen asked them not to panic, according to him, they have no intention to harm anybody, after the destruction they left for Bauchi, because they took Bauchi road”.
A man has been charged with a string of robberies across Sydney after he was arrested while allegedly holding a fake gun just metres from the Lindt cafe in Martin Place, police say.Officers from Sydney City Local Area Command were patrolling George Street about 2pm on Sunday when they were told there was a man carrying what appeared to be a firearm in the busy thoroughfare.Witnesses said they heard police yelling at the man: "Where is the gun?" while they searched his backpack and pockets.Police will allege the 54-year-old was carrying a replica firearm inside a plastic bag.The man was arrested about 400 metres from the cafe where Tori Johnson, 34, and Katrina Dawson, 38, were killed during the siege in December last year.Hostage taker Man Haron Monis also died. A total of 17 people were held hostage inside the popular cafe during the siege. The Lindt cafe reopened for business on March 20.The man arrested on Sunday afternoon was taken to Day Street police station and charged with eight counts of robbery while armed with a dangerous weapon.Police will allege in court that the robberies occurred in the Sydney metropolitan area between February 27 and March 29.In each robbery, the man allegedly used a semi-automatic pistol and sometimes wore a surgical mask.Police also searched a home in Truman Street in South Hurstville on Sunday night and seized a pair of shoes and clothing.The man was refused police bail and is due to appear at Central Local Court on Monday.
Early results collated have indicated that the All Progressives Congress (APC) is coasting to victory in Sokoto state.As the time filling this report, the party was leading in three local government areas so far announced late last night.The APC presidential candidate, General Muhammadu Buhari won the three local government areas with wide margin as declared by the Independent National Electoral Commission’s local government collation officers.The state has no fewer than twenty-three local government councils with Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and APC being the two major parties in the contest.The results indicated that Buhari got 25,286; Jonathan polled 5,339 votes in Kware LGA.In Dange/Shuni, Buhari polled 31,036 votes and Jonathan got 6,918; in Goronyo LGA, Buhari polled 28,950, Jonathan 7,664.In the same vein, unofficial results also indicated that the incumbent governor, Alhaji Aliyu Magatakarda Wamakko who contested for the Sokoto Central Senatorial seat defeated the serving senator, Alhaji Ahmed Muhammad Maccido of PDP.Also defeated is the incumbent member of the Sokoto South/North federal constituency, Hon. Umaru Bature who lost to APC candidate, Alhaji Bala Abubakar III.However, the collation officers disclosed that only the APC polling agents signed the results, while the PDP’s agents declined to sign the result sheets.
A man has been charged with a string of robberies across Sydney after he was arrested while allegedly holding a fake gun just metres from the Lindt cafe in Martin Place, police say.Officers from Sydney City Local Area Command were patrolling George Street about 2pm on Sunday when they were told there was a man carrying what appeared to be a firearm in the busy thoroughfare.Witnesses said they heard police yelling at the man: "Where is the gun?" while they searched his backpack and pockets.Police will allege the 54-year-old was carrying a replica firearm inside a plastic bag.The man was arrested about 400 metres from the cafe where Tori Johnson, 34, and Katrina Dawson, 38, were killed during the siege in December last year.Hostage taker Man Haron Monis also died. A total of 17 people were held hostage inside the popular cafe during the siege. The Lindt cafe reopened for business on March 20.The man arrested on Sunday afternoon was taken to Day Street police station and charged with eight counts of robbery while armed with a dangerous weapon.Police will allege in court that the robberies occurred in the Sydney metropolitan area between February 27 and March 29.In each robbery, the man allegedly used a semi-automatic pistol and sometimes wore a surgical mask.Police also searched a home in Truman Street in South Hurstville on Sunday night and seized a pair of shoes and clothing.The man was refused police bail and is due to appear at Central Local Court on Monday.
The German World Cup winner, who is out of contract at the end of the season, is available on a free transfer.He’s held talks with Schalke over a deal, but reports in Spain say Chelsea are looking to hijack the move and haven’t given up hope of signing him.Khedira is looking for a £100,000-a-week contract at his next club, and the Blues would be able to pay that easily.Arsenal have previously been linked with the 27-year-old and tried hard to sign him last summer.MORE: Man United AGREE to pay release clause to sign £75m star
I am from Bristol and am studying psychology at Oxford Brookes University.Psychology is definitely my passion; I love researching into how minds work and into how we all make decisions, but I particularly love learning about how we all connect with one another, whether it's within a family or throughout society.Apart from meeting new people and making friends, I am really looking forward to learning about politics and the way our government works through BBC Generation 2015.I hope I can encourage other young people to also get more interested and involved in the way our country is run.
قال زعيم حزب الديمقراطيين الأحرار، نك كليغ، إن الاقتصاد البريطاني قد "يؤذي نفسه" إذا انفصلت بريطانيا عن الاتحاد الأوروبي وإن الخطوة قد تهدد تعافي الاقتصاد.وأضاف كليغ أن الكثير من أعضاء حزب المحافظين وحزب الاستقلال البريطاني يسعون إلى فصل انجلترا عن "أكبر سوق في العالم".وأن أعضاء حزبه لا يخفون دعمهم للاتحاد الأوروبي، لكنهم يتمسكون بإجراء استفتاء على كل انتقال كبير في السلطات.وجاءت تصريحات كليغ في مقاطعة أوكسفوردشير، وهي إحدى أهم المقاطعات التي يسعى حزبه للفوز فيها واستعادة المقعد من شركائه في الائتلاف الحكومي. وكان قد وصل إلى المقاطعة في "حافلة المعركة" الصفراء الخاصة بالحزب.وقال: "لدينا آراء تختلف تماما عن المحافظين. إن الكثيرون من أعضاء حزب المحافظين يسعون للانفصال عن الاتحاد الأوروبي وهو أمر شديد السوء بالنسبة للاقتصاد البريطاني".وأضاف أنه لا يتفق مع حزب العمال "وفشله في إحداث توازن في الميزانية. وأفزعتني حاجة حزب العمال لاقتراض 70 مليار جنيه استرليني، ونرى أنها أكثر من الحاجة".وتأتي تصريحات كليغ بعد تصريحات الوزير إد دايفي، من الديمقراطيين الأحرار، التي قال فيها إن التزام رئيس الوزراء، ديفيد كاميرون، بإجراء استفتاء على البقاء في الاتحاد الأوروبي بنهاية عام 2017 يجعل تكوين ائتلاف آخر مع حزب المحافظين "أمرا شديد الصعوبة".وأعلن حزب العمال البريطاني أنه لن يجري مثل هذا الاستفتاء إلا حدث اختلاف في ميزان القوى بين لندن وبروكسل.
I'm 20 and in the last year of my graphic design degree. I live in Salford during term time and at my parents in Surrey during the holidays.I aim to pursue a career in community art work, helping to engage at risk and vulnerable groups. I'm passionate about social justice which is influenced by my Muslim faith.I feel mainstream politicians do not do enough to communicate with young people or minority groups, and scapegoat them when politically convenient.
I'm 22 and I live in Bournemouth with my supportive family.I have written a book about living with Asperger's syndrome. I love my disability for the unique qualities and understanding it gives me.My biggest passion is volunteering. I adore public speaking about life with Asperger's, and designing disability awareness workshops for young people and professionals to foster understanding of disabilities.I strive for equality and understanding in society, working tirelessly to raise understanding and challenge negative perceptions of disability. I love life!
Police are investigating after a shop was ram raided in Kippax between Sunday night and Monday morning.The shop is located within the Kippax Fair shopping centre.More to come.
With his country embattled in conflict, Yemen President Hadi calls the Shiite group, which has taken over large parts of the country, Iranian "puppets." (Reuters)With his country embattled in conflict, Yemen President Hadi calls the Shiite group, which has taken over large parts of the country, Iranian "puppets." (Reuters)Arab leaders announced on Sunday that they would form a joint military force to intervene in neighboring states grappling with armed insurgencies. It is a dramatic step to quell the unrest that has broken out in the wake of the region's uprisings, but some analysts warned it could exacerbate the conflicts that have polarized countries and left hundreds of thousands dead.The announcement at a summit of Arab leaders in Egypt came as warplanes from a Saudi-led coalition carried out scores of airstrikes across Yemen overnight Saturday and Sunday, the fourth day of a campaign against Shiite rebels known as Houthis. That coordinated operation, involving mostly Arab countries, could represent a prototype for future joint Arab military interventions in the region.Arab officials said they still need to hammer out the details of the proposed joint force, but broader questions remain over the ability of Arab countries — many of which have killed scores of their own citizens — to stem the region’s wars through military action. Arab armies, while well-equipped, are largely untested and ill-trained in fighting guerrilla-style conflicts with rebel forces such as the Houthis. From Yemen to Libya to the battlefields of Syria, armed groups have exploited fresh violence to seize power or rout rivals. The result has been deepening polarization and rising death tolls across the region.“Without a component for political dialogue, this force will be ineffective and even detrimental” to the region, said Abdel Salam Nasia, an independent member of Libya’s parliament who attended the summit in Egypt.Last month, Egyptian fighter jets carried out airstrikes against militant targets in eastern Libya after jihadists beheaded 20 Egyptian Christians there. Egypt then called for a broader intervention to battle Libya’s militant Islamist groups but was rebuffed by U.S. and U.N. officials seeking a negotiated end to Libya’s violence.Speaking at the summit Sunday, in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, Yemeni Foreign Minister Riyadh Yassin scoffed at government talks with the Houthis, and said that the Saudi-led offensive has been “extremely successful.”“The operation will end when Yemen is safe and secure. But we will only negotiate with those who are willing to disarm,” he said. “We won’t negotiate with [the Houthis] because they carried out a coup. They used the state’s weakness to take over.”Saudi Arabia intervened in Yemen after the Houthis toppled the government and captured vast tracts of territory in recent weeks.The Arab League chief, Nabil al-Araby, said on Sunday that the joint force would be deployed at the request of any Arab nation facing a security threat, including from terrorist groups. A panel of regional security officials would meet in the coming months to draw up the size, structure, and budget of the force, he said. Member states have proposed a 40,000-strong force backed by fighter jets, warships and light armor, the Associated Press reported, citing Egyptian security officials.Arab officials said the region’s unprecedented threats have made a joint security regime necessary. Indeed, a wave of uprisings beginning in 2010 deposed at least four Arab leaders after decades of authoritarian rule. But the pro-democracy revolts were soon overtaken by political chaos and the proliferation of armed factions seeking to capitalize on the instability.“The challenges facing Arab national security are immense,” Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al-Sissi said at the closing session of the Arab League summit on Sunday. Sissi said the decision to establish a combined military force “defends our [Arab] nation … and gives it an active role in the future of human civilization.”In Yemen Sunday, the streets of the Houthi-controlled capital Sanaa were empty for fear of renewed airstrikes, residents said. In the northern Houthi stronghold of Saada, there were unconfirmed reports that airstrikes had destroyed power plants, depriving the province of electricity. Warplanes also struck Sana’a’s airport and the port at Hodeida, crippling Yemen’s already weak infrastructure.Yet even as Saudi officials said they had not ruled out invading Yemen with ground troops, analysts warned of the perils of sending inexperienced armed forces into a country with rugged mountain peaks and severe water shortages. Such a ground force would also struggle against battle-hardened Houthi fighters who are now the most competent fighters in Yemen. The country’s military has fallen apart because of splits over loyalties and now the Saudi attacks.Yezid Sayigh, senior associate at the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut, said that Saudi forces lack experience in mounting large ground offensives.“There are all sorts of potential pitfalls” that would accompany a ground incursion in Yemen, he said.“The whole point is that the Houthis have demonstrated that other fighting forces are disorganized, leaderless, and thus these forces collapsed in the face of Houthi assaults,” he said.Egypt, too, commands a sizeable army, but that has struggled to battle a years-long insurgency in the Sinai Peninsula. Its forces have also been attacked on the border with Libya, causing some of the highest casualties among Egyptian troops since the war with Israel in 1973.“We are wary of military intervention, and we hope the Arab League can provide checks” on the forces leading the push for joint Arab assaults, said Dhia al-Dabbass, Iraq’s permanent delegate to the Arab League.“The politics of the region are too complex,” he said. “There is no reason why negotiation should not take precedent.”Habib reported from Sharm el-Sheikh. Mujahed reported from Sana’a. Hugh Naylor contributed from Beirut.Who are the Houthis?Saudi ambassador: Conflict in Yemen is not a proxy war with Iran
Caltex Australia shares dived 9.25 per cent in early trading on Monday in response to Chevron's sudden $4.73 billion exit from the share register, which some analysts said could herald a new more aggressive phase of acquisitions for the fuels refiner and marketer.Shares in Caltex slid as low as $34.38, below the $35 a share that institutional investors paid for the shares over the weekend.The stock is still up 56 per cent over the past 12 months, with investors welcoming the changes Caltex has made to its business as it streamlines refining and moves the emphasis of its business to fuel distribution and retailing.Chief financial officer Simon Hepworth on Sunday suggested that Chevron's exit would open up options for the company to consider distributing its $1.1 billion franking credit balance, but he played down the impact of the move on the company's overall strategy.However, Macquarie Securities said the departure of Chevron as a 50 per cent shareholder provided Caltex with more scope to pursue acquisitions, potentially involving an equity raising.With a current balance sheet capacity of between $750 million and $950 million within its BBB+ credit rating, Caltex could make an acquisition worth more than $1 billion, Macquarie said.Caltex chief executive Julian Segal last month pointed to ambitions for further acquisitions to leverage off the company's strength in marketing and retailing. It pointed to potential acquisitions to fill gaps in its network or to expand in geographic areas where it was under-represented.Chevron's exit could now accelerate that."While Chevron's presence was not necessarily a hindrance to this strategy, more transformational transactions where there could have been a conflict of interest with Chevron or where further equity issuance could be required, could now also be considered by the board & management," Macquarie said in a note.Meanwhile, Chevron's sale is likely to fuel demand from index funds because Caltex's weighting in the ASX100 and ASX200 indices will increase, Macquarie noted."With a number of recent blocks offered at narrow discounts, this could be viewed as an option for more active investors who are sitting on large cash balances to secure a market weight in what will now be a more material index stock at a reasonable discount which offers a reasonable, defensive yield," it said.Goldman Sachs underwrote the sale of Chevron's 135 million shares in Caltex at $34.20 a share. However, Chevron eventually received $35 a share for its stake, giving the deal a total value of $4.73 billion, rather than the $4.62 billion at the underwritten sale price.Confirming the completion of the sale on Monday, Chevron said it would receive the cash proceeds once settlement took place on April 2 and the gain would be recorded in its second quarter results.
Soon enough, the Lakers will be free to do whatever they want.Hit the beach. Vacation in Europe. Head to their hometowns.Between now and April 15, Coach Byron Scott can only hope to keep a lid on a quickly dissolving season, the latest setback a 107-99 Lakers loss to the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday.It was dull, it was bland and it ended the way so many games had this season.Sensing the need for a pick-me-up, Scott tried his best to incentivize the players, many of them holding expiring contracts."I understand that this late in the season, guys get to the point where they're frustrated and minds start to wander and you start thinking about the summer and all that stuff," he said. "But we're in a situation right now where the guys that we have, they still have to look up at the future. Everybody's getting evaluated. To me, these last 10 games are the most important."The Lakers' loss wasn't a big deal to their fans-turned-lottery-enthusiasts. In fact, it set up the biggest game so far in this upside-down season.The Lakers (19-53) play at Philadelphia on Monday, the 76ers (18-56) right below them in the standings. A Lakers loss would set up quite the battle of ineptitude over the final two weeks.The Lakers have a 10.5% chance of winning the No. 1 pick at the May 19 lottery, and the 76ers, keepers of the NBA's third-worst record, hold a 15.6% chance.Equally important, if the Lakers managed to fall below the 76ers and finish with the NBA's third-worst record, they would forfeit their draft pick only if three teams passed them on lottery night. There's a mere 4% chance of that happening. If the Lakers stay where they are now, there's a 16% chance of getting passed by two teams on lottery night.The Lakers traded this year's first-round pick as part of the Steve Nash deal in 2012, but it is top-five protected.As for Sunday's game, Jordan Clarkson came relatively close to another triple-double — 18 points, seven assists and six rebounds — but the Lakers couldn't stop Brook Lopez, who had 30 points and 11 rebounds for the Nets.Jeremy Lin sat out because of an upper-respiratory infection, which was unfortunate for spectators who came to Barclays Center for the Nets' "Celebration of Chinese Culture" day.Jordan Hill had 22 points and 16 rebounds after returning from a three-game absence so the Lakers could, allegedly, evaluate younger players. But a young and healthy Ed Davis did not play Sunday, and neither did Carlos Boozer, yet again.The Lakers are as bad as the worst team in franchise history, the 1957-58 Minneapolis Lakers, who had a 19-53 record. They played only 72 games then, meaning these Lakers must win three of their final 10 to avoid finishing with a worse winning percentage.With the off-season so close, the Lakers are walking quickly toward history's embrace.
Senegal continued their dominance over Ghana with a 2-1 win on Saturday night thanks to a brace from substitute Moussa Konate.The international friendly played at the Stade Oceane du Le Havre was high in quality as Aliou Cisse won his first match in-charge.The two sides were meeting for the second time in two months after a Group B clash in Mongomo which Senegal won by the same scoreline.Striker Demba Ba should have shot ahead on six minutes when Sadio Mane put him through.The Besiktas man wriggled past his man and fired a low grounder, which beat goalkeeper RazakBrimah, but the lower side post denied him.Ghana continued to push and thought they deserved a penalty when striker, Kwesi Appiah was fouled inside the box but the referee waived for play to continue.Defender John Boye profited from a flick on header inside the box and fired from close range but his shot went awry.Earlier, Appiah fought his way into the box and fired but his shot was blocked. Stand-in captain Andre Ayew followed up with a shot but that was wide.The second half belonged to Ghana who were slightly on top with some steel play and attacking moves.Andre cut in from the left and approach the box before sending in a cross which just aboveBut against the run of play striker Moussa Konate put the Teranga Lions ahead on the 66 minutes just five minutes after coming on for Demba Ba.It was a long ball from defence which found the FC Sion man, who chested and volleyed over goalkeeper Brimah, off his line.Ghana tried to make amends and mounted a search for the leveller but they got exposed at the back and another defence-splitting pass found from midfielder picked out Mane on the left.The Southampton man took his charge and laid a pass to the right to find an unmarked Konate who slotted home for the second.Substitute Richmond Boakye-Yiadom reduced the deficit when he powerfully headed down a prosaic cross from Harrison Afful’s weaker left foot from the right in the 84th minute.The Atalanta man had spent four minutes on the pitch after replacing Appiah.Ghana tried to snatch the equalizer but Senegal were tough and thwarted everything thrown at them.The Black Stars will play Mali next on Tuesday in Paris and Senegal engage Ligue 2 side Le Havre.
Sale director of rugby Steve Diamond believes a top-four finish in the Aviva Premiership is out of the Sharks' reach and is focusing on securing European Champions Cup qualification.Tries from Johnny Leota and Josh Beaumont, as well as 13 points from Danny Cipriani, saw the Manchester outfit defeat Gloucester 23-6 at the AJ Bell Stadium and move them to within one point of Wasps in sixth.A top-six finish would give Sale a direct place in next season's premier European competition.With three winnable matches against London Irish, Harlequins and Newcastle Falcons coming up, a top-four berth and play-off spot appear to be a possibility, but Diamond does not think that it is a realistic target."The first goal is to qualify for the Champions Cup and we want to finish in sixth to do that," he said. "We'll just try to win every game. If we do then we will finish in the top six, but I do think the top four is a bit away from us and we're probably just off that."We've not got a squad that can compete with the top four, but at home we're a good side and it's difficult (to come here) as we've proven against Gloucester, Northampton and Saracens."The run-in for us is good for the fact that we get a rest after every week and, with the ageing squad that we've got, it gives them time to recover."Diamond also paid tribute to Mark Cueto, a one-club man who made his 300th appearance for the team versus the Cherry and Whites.He added: "In the team talk, there were no tactics discussed. It was all about Beaumont, Ross Harrison, Tommy Taylor, Cliffy (Will Cliff) - all these kids that have taken the same route."They started at 17 or 18 and Cuets did the same thing 15 years ago and he put his 300th shirt on today. It doesn't happen to many people."He puts the same endeavour, the same enthusiasm into his 300th game as he did his first one. If those young lads who played today follow him, then maybe they will play for England."As for Gloucester, they succumbed once again in Manchester against the Sharks - a team they have not beaten away from home since 2001.And, having only scored six points in the match through two James Hook penalties, director of rugby David Humphreys admitted their display was not acceptable."I was most disappointed with the performance," Humphreys said. "Over the last few weeks we would say as a team and as a squad we've performed pretty well for most of the time."We haven't always got the result we felt we deserved, but there have been certain parts of our game around the energy we bring to our defence and attack, the enthusiasm that has been there and you can never question the heart."I don't think today was about questioning any of that - it's just that it wasn't there in the first half. Setting aside the result, we felt that was the most disappointing aspect after a very positive training week."
We'll be first to admit that The Walking Dead season 5 didn't initially grip us.The survivors wandering aimlessly through abandon towns, foraging for scraps following the death of Beth wasn't exactly must-see TV, especially for a post-apocalyptic US horror many love.Like any fan of TWD, we kept our faith, and we were right to do so as there is about to be a big pay off.Since the mid-season break the series has picked up rapidly and so has character development.The likes of Glenn, Sasha and Michonne have a reason to watch them - and the writers have even given Carl a storyline.But like all good things on The Walking Dead, the bloody remains of the series must come to an end.How will the series end?After episode 15 'Try' we don't know what is going on. Rick has changed before a sword-less Michonne nearly took his head off with THAT punch.Carol has changed and so has Maggie - following Beth's departure that was bound to happen.So these are the things that NEED to happen in the finale to keep us sweet.Chandler Riggs as Carl Grimes and Danai Gurira as MichonneYes she is clearly good at knocking people out with one punch.Yes, she looked the part with that sheriff jacket and YES she can most certainly look after herself without her massive sword. But whose side is she on? As one of the first survivors to want to stay at Alexandria she has shown signs of wavering in terms of her alliance with the originals - does she want to stay THAT much?Andrew Lincoln as Rick Grimes and Corey Brill as PeteWas it us or has ol' Mr Grimes gone a little potty?She could have jumped in at ANY time! And now Pete gets to carry on doing whatever he was doing. Abusing his family with no consequences.Watch the trailer above which sees everyone give Rick the dirtiest of looks as he walks through the town.Sorry, words like this "They'll find us and they'll try to kill us but we'll kill them" in the trailer, simply mean a major character is saying goodbye in the last episode.Tyler James Williams as Noah and Steven Yeun as Glenn RheeOK, last week saw Michonne give Rick a right hook he'll never forget but Glenn didn't do anything to that coward Nicholas.It's his fault we no longer sing 'Everybody Hates Chris' during an episode, sort it out Glenn.Norman Reedus as Daryl Dixon and Ross Marquand as AaronTell us what the 'W' means already!Sonequa Martin-Green as Sasha and Steven Yeun as Glenn Rhee in The Walking DeadOK, so something major is going to happen tonight.We don't know what but we know it's going to be big.Whatever happens as long as they end with a nice preview for season 6 we don't mind. NO OPEN-ENDED CLIFFHANGERS.They're going to give us an open-ended cliffhanger aren't they?* The Walking Dead airs on Fox UK at 9pm on Monday 30 March
Researchers in Denmark have revealed how porpoises finely adjust the beams of sound they use to hunt.The animals hunt with clicks and buzzes - detecting the echoes from their prey.This study showed them switching from a narrow to a wide beam of sound - "like adjusting a flashlight" - as they homed in on a fish.Researchers think that other whales and dolphins may use the same technique to trap a fish in their beam of sound in the final phase of an attack.This could help prevent porpoises, whales and dolphins' prey from evading their capture.By revealing these acoustic secrets in detail, researchers are hoping to develop ways to prevent porpoises, and other toothed whales, from becoming trapped in fishing nets.The study, published in the journal eLife, was led by Danuta Wisniewska of Aarhus University.She and her colleagues worked with harbour porpoises in a semi-natural enclosure on the coast of Denmark."The facility is quite exceptional, " explained Dr Wisniewska. "The animals still have access to the seafloor and are only separated from the harbour by a net. Fish are able to come in, so they're still hunting."In this unique environment, the researchers were able to fit the porpoises with sound-detecting tags, and to place an array of microphones to pick up sound around their enclosure.The team carried out a series of these experiments to work out where the sound energy the porpoises produced was being directedIn one experiment, researchers dropped fish into the water to tempt the porpoises to hunt.As echolocating porpoises, whales and dolphins hunt, they switch from an exploratory clicking to a more intense, high frequency buzz - to elicit a continuous echo from the fish they are pursuing.Their beam can be envisaged a cone of sound, said Dr Wisniewska, comparing it to the cone-shaped beam of light from a torch.•Toothed whales and dolphins, collectively known as odontocetes, use echolocation to hunt and navigate•Echolocating clicks pass through a fatty structure at the front of their skull called the melon. It is this structure that forms a visible bulge on the animal's head and researchers say it acts as an adjustable acoustic lens, focusing the sound into a beam and altering the size of that beam•Other non-echolocating marine mammals have different tricks for finding their way underwater. Seals, for example, have super-sensitive whiskers, which can detect the fattest fish by sensing the trail they leave behind"If you were trying to find your car in a car park, you could use a narrow beam over a long distance and still see a lot," she explained."But when you're trying to get your keys into the car, you would switch to a wider beam."This is similar to what we see in porpoises."According to this study, the porpoises were able to broaden their beam by as much as 50% in the final phase of their attack. And they were able to switch between a narrow and a wide beam.This fine-tuning ability is controlled by a fatty structure in their forehead, called the melon, which acts as a sort of "sound lens".The harbour porpoises involved in this study came to the harbourside facility having been rescued after being caught in fishing nets. And the researchers hope this work will help develop ways of using sound to prevent porpoises from accidentally chasing fish into these nets."My research suggests that they really attend to their target, so we could be seeing a sort of attention blindness," said Dr Wisniewska, explaining that porpoises might be so intently focused on the one fish they are hunting that they ignore their surroundings while they pursue it into a net.Sufficiently loud and repetitive underwater sounds - emitted from fisheries - could help alert porpoises, whales and dolphins to the presence of a fishing net, and help keep them away.
As prisons go, the famed Beau-Rivage hotel nestled on the Swiss side of Lake Geneva with breath-taking views over the snow-capped French Alps must count as one of the world's most luxurious.But after six days and nights of living within the confines of its magnificent 19th century frescos and marbled columns, even top diplomats were beginning to go a bit stir crazy as they seek to hammer out a historic framework deal with Iran."Don't you guys have a life?" top US diplomat John Kerry joked with journalists who mobbed him as he left a dinner in one of the hotel's top-class restaurants late Monday with his French and German counterparts.But he swiftly corrected himself, saying reporters had a "better life" than the negotiators.Not only have they been debating, arguing, discussing, dining and even breakfasting together, but it has been virtually impossible to leave the hotel without being chased by camera crews from the world's media desperate for a snippet of information.Despite the cold, rainy weather, Kerry did manage to take at least one of his famous bike rides during a break in negotiations, and slipped in to join a birthday party at a nearby bar.And a video of Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi jogging along the banks of the lake caused a storm on social networks in China, where the private lives of politicians are rarely reported on.Opened in 1861, the Beau-Rivage, with its 168 guest rooms including 26 junior suites and eight suites, has hosted a few historic events in its day.And many of the 20th century's most famous personalities -- Victor Hugo, Marilyn Monroe, Coco Chanel and Tina Turner to name just a few -- have passed through its halls.The former dictator of Zaire, Mobutu Sese Seko, spent several months in the hotel in 1996, reportedly running up a bill of $1 million, before he left, fleeing into exile in Morocco where he died the following year.Managing the safety of top delegations from seven countries has posed a logistical and security headache for the Swiss authorities.During these closed-doors negotiations, a system of coloured badges has ensured that reporters have had little access into the heart of the hotel, roped in a gilded cage of a sumptuous ballroom resplendent with chandeliers.Even journalists staying in the hotel were barred from their rooms at times, and had to negotiate past guards on every floor.For the delegations who have led the intense talks -- and the media who have followed them since 2013 -- it has become a familiar scene.Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad have criss-crossed the globe in their hunt for a deal which would pare back Iran's nuclear programme in exchange of an easing of crippling global sanctions.But their journeys have always led them back to Europe -- and most regularly to Switzerland, which has jealously guarded its neutrality down the centuries.The cachet of agreeing a landmark nuclear deal on Swiss territory is not lost on the delegations -- notably the Iranians who have been left diplomatically isolated by their escalating nuclear programme.Unconfirmed rumours have circulated for days that if anything is agreed, all the delegations could make the hour-long drive to Geneva to announce it within the solemn halls of the UN's Palais des Nations.That was the home of the League of Nations, created in 1920 in the wake of World War 1 as the first international body whose mission was to maintain peace through collective security and disarmament.With the talks nearing the witching hour Tuesday, many in Lausanne were beginning to tire of living in such close proximity and the feverish speculation."I feel like I'm in a Wes Anderson movies," one American reporter said, referring to the director behind such films as the Oscar-winning "Grand Budapest Hotel."
Since its first season became an instant success on HBO, there have been scores of Game of Thrones parodies filling the internet. With ‘Game of Smurfs,’ we have reached Peak Game of Thrones Spoof. Fox’s Animation Domination brings all the graphic violence, sex and female nudity of George R.R. Martin’s universe to the Smurf Village, all but guaranteeing that your childhood will be as ruined as the Red Wedding.Tread lightly, though: a topless Smurfette, much like the carnage in the picture above, is something you can’t un-see.
With 22 kids that carry his surname, 18 who don’t and “probably a few more” out there, the 56-year-old keeps track of his offspring by tattooing their names across his back.“I’m as fertile as sin,” said the ‘serial dad’, whose kids are aged between three and 37. “I don’t believe in contraception and I love sex.”Dubbed “Britain’s most feckless father”, Mr Holpin insists he loves all his children even though most were removed by children’s services.“Due to my drinking and my womanising, most of my kids have gone through the care system,” Mr Holpin, who has been sober for five years, told a UK documentary team.“It makes me feel like s**t because they’ve suffered. They [social services] took them from me because I’m an alcoholic.”Mr Holpin now wants to reunite his huge brood.“When they went into care, I made a promise that no matter how long it took, I will get my kids home,” he said.“I miss all the fun we used to have so I guess getting them back, my life will be set. My life will be perfect.”But that’s not all — the baby-maker wants even more children.“I’m only 56. I’ll never stop [having children]. Never stop. In the Bible, God says go forth and multiply. I’m doing what God wants,” Mr Holpin said.— AUSTRALIAN terror supporters have been handed explicit instructions on how to avoid leaving a digital fingerprint.— AUSTRALIA’S first hydrogen refuelling station for cars will be opened in Sydney today — and the industry is expected to push for a “hydrogen superhighway” from Melbourne to Sydney.— A MUM has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of her seven-year-old son as court papers revealed the boy was already dead before authorities were told falsely told he’d fallen off a pogo stick.— A BIRD no larger than a cricket ball could derail plans to build the biggest coal mine in Australia.IN WORLD NEWS— MILITANTS from a banned leftist group have taken a chief prosecutor hostage in his office inside a courthouse in Istanbul.— A PRISONER dubbed the ‘Bicycle Bandit’ led cops on a nine-hour chase in a hospital gown after stealing a guard’s gun and carjacking a nurse.— EIGHT years after Knut melted hearts around the world, the polar bear’s four-month-old brother has been christened in a very cute ceremony.— EX-CON Coss Marte has transformed himself from prisoner to personal trainer. Could you survive his jailyard-inspired bootcamp?— LUFTHANSA says the co-pilot of the Germanwings jet that crashed, killing all 150 people aboard, had informed the airline in 2009 that he had previously suffered from severe depression.— HE’S been compared to a young Brad Pitt, but 16-year-old model Lucky Blue Smith has a much bigger following — and a more curious background.— BREAK the electorate! An unlikely world leader claims he is Kim Kardashian’s 13th cousin.— BRUCE Jenner has undergone breast implant surgery just months before his sex change operation, a bombshell report claims.— THEIR attempt to be a boy band didn’t quite work, so Justice Crew have got their dancing shoes on for their I Live My Life video.— JAMES Hird broke down as he apologised for “anything that has been done wrong” to Essendon during the supplements saga.— BRISBANE Roar are in talks with teenage sensation Brandon Borrello about upgrading his full-time youth contract to an A-League deal.— ONE of Swimming Australia’s most influential figures from the London Olympics, Bernard Savage, is on the verge of being welcomed back into the sport.
The No. 6 Nazi on the Simon Wiesenthal Center list of most wanted war criminal has died a free man in Germany at age 93.Soren Kam, a Dane who served with the Nazis and met Adolf Hitler, escaped from Denmark to Germany, which refused to extradite him after he was granted citizenship in 1956.“The fact that Soren Kam, a totally unrepentant Nazi murderer, died a free man in Kempten is a terrible failure of the Bavarian judicial authorities,” the center’s chief Nazi hunter, Dr. Efraim Zuroff, said in a statement.“Kam should have finished his miserable life in jail, whether in Denmark or Germany. The failure to hold him accountable will only inspire the contemporary heirs of the Nazis to consider following in his footsteps.”SS officer Soren Kam was wanted for the 1943 kidnap and murder of anti-Nazi newspaper editor Carl Henrik Clemmensen, whose bullet-riddled body was found on a roadside after he was seized from his home by three men.“The unarmed Clemmensen was killed by eight gunshots fired simultaneously from three pistols at virtual point blank range,” says the blog Aktive Modstandsfolk.A Danish court case conducted after the war convicted him in absentia of the murder. Another Danish SS men, Knud Flemming Helweg-Larsen, was convicted for his role in the murder and executed in 1946. A third culprit disappeared after the war.Denmark also wanted to talk to Kam about the theft in 1943 of a population register, later used to round up and deport 500 Danish Jews to concentration camps.In 1999 Denmark requested the extradition of Kam, which Germany refused due to his German citizenship, the Simon Wiesenthal Center said. Munich courts in 2007 dismissed attempts under a European Union arrest warrant to deport him to Denmark on the grounds that Clemmensen’s death was not murder but manslaughter, which fell under a statue of limitation.Kam fought on the Eastern Front with the Waffen SS and was granted the Knight’s Cross medal by Adolf Hitler in 1945 for his leadership of Danish SS men against the resistance of his countrymen.“He was a fanatical Nazi and one of the highest-profile Danish Nazis during the war,” historian Claus Bundgård Christensen told DR Nyheder. “He was a star that Nazi children and young people looked up to.”Christensen said that Nazi youth publications often used pictures of Kam as propaganda for recruiting young people to the Eastern Front and he became an international star whose autograph was sought by Nazi sympathizers.“He was very active, and it was only in recent years when his health began to fail that he began to retreat from the public eye,” he said.The Daily Telegraph tracked down former SS-Obersturmfuehrer Søren Kam to a peaceful town near Munich in 2007.In Bavaria, Kam, a man who met Adolf Hitler, lives openly. By his doorbell is a traditional Bavarian clay plaque, made by his grandchildren, and bearing the family name. Kam responded to knocks on his front door by opening his front window and hiding behind the curtains. All that could be seen was his hand, but the voice of the SS man remained clear and dismissive. “I know who you are. I don’t want to talk to you. Leave me in peace,” he said, before slamming the window.Kam died on March 23, about two weeks after his wife, according to a death note in the German paper Allgauer Zeitung.
OTTAWA — British Columbia MP James Lunney is quitting the Conservative caucus so that he can more freely defend his religious beliefs.Lunney says he’s leaving voluntarily so as not to entangle his Tory colleagues in controversy over his beliefs regarding evolution.He says he’ll sit as an Independent but will continue to vote with the ruling Conservatives.Lunney says his decision was sparked by reaction to remarks he made earlier this month, which he says were inflated by the media and became part of a firestorm of condemnation surrounding two Ontario politicians who do not believe in the theory of evolution.He says the reaction showed ignorance and intolerance, cloaked in a defence of science.In a statement, Lunney maintains there are deliberate attempts to suppress a Christian world view in the senior levels of politics.
Emergency workers in Indian Kashmir have recovered 16 bodies including that of a three-week-old baby after a landslide triggered by heavy rains buried several houses.The baby was found in his mother's lap under several tons of mud, police said today, as the grim task of searching for bodies continued.The victims all belonged to two families who after the rains had moved into what they thought was the stronger of two houses in Ladden village, 20 miles west of Kashmir's main city Srinagar.'We have recovered 15 bodies. Efforts are on to find a missing boy who was also in the house,' local superintendent of police Fayaz Ahmed Lone said today. Since the statement police confirmed that a 16th body had been recoveredHe said a sole survivor of the landslide had refused to leave his house, and was now 'so shocked that he is not able to talk'.Yesterday's landslide hit as authorities issued a flood warning for Kashmir after the River Jhelum which runs through Srinagar rose above the danger level.Homes in Srinagar were flooded for the second time in less than a year, and one man was washed away when he tried to cross a flash flood in his car elsewhere in the state.With more rain forecast in the next three days, authorities said the danger was not over.The state's top official Gazanfar Hussain said the river level was falling in most parts of the region but lakes downstream were already full, posing a possible flood danger.Memories are still fresh of the devastating floods that hit Kashmir last September, killing hundreds.Tens of thousands of people were left stranded when floods and landslides triggered by heavy monsoon rains devastated parts of the Indian-administered section of Kashmir and Pakistan's neighbouring Punjab province.On the Indian side of the border alone, the floods killed around 300 people, left thousands more homeless and destroyed property and infrastructure worth an estimated $16 billion.Some Srinagar residents have accused authorities of not doing enough to prevent a repeat of that disaster, which many said was exacerbated by the state government's failure to prepare for flooding.Today police said a special team set up to deal with the floods had received 30,000 calls and messages, while plans had been put in place to evacuate people from Srinagar.Relief camps have been set up in the city, which was severely hit by the 2014 flood disaster.Many shops remained shut in Srinagar on Tuesday, while traders in the main commercial district had moved their goods to safer places.Akram Sohail, chairman of the Disaster Management Authority in the Pakistan-administered section of Kashmir, said it had issued warnings not to get too close to the river.'We have also issued an alert for a further rise in water level because of heavy rains and flooding on the Indian side,' he told AFP.Elsewhere in India, fierce rain and lightning toppled houses and trees in Bihar state, killing 20 others.In eastern India, the Bihar state government said strong winds uprooted trees and many houses collapsed in the state capital, Patna, and in Purnia and Katihar districts.On the Pakistani side of the border, which was hit worse by last year's flooding, authorities said the situation was improving, although the Neelum and Jhelum Rivers were perilously close to overflowing their banks.'Both the rivers are still swollen,' said Akram Sohail, an official with the government disaster management department in the Pakistan-controlled portion of Kashmir.Heavy downpours over the past three days damaged several roads and disrupted transport, he said.An ancient region in the heart of the Himalayas, Kashmir as it is commonly known is divided between India and Pakistan - but the region is claimed by both countries.Two of the three wars the nations have fought since their independence from Britain in 1947 have been over control of the mountainous zone.However, relations improved slightly in recent years and each side has offered to help the other recover from the floods.The floods have been happening annually in Pakistan and were at their worst in recent memory in 2010, when 1,800 people died and 20 million were affected.In those floods 62,000 square miles of land were swamped - an area bigger than England.The deluge cost the Pakistan £6billion - a fifteenth of its total annual output.Analysts said last year's floods were not on the same scale as in 2010 but could match those in 2012, which killed almost 600 people and affected almost five million.
The lack of a deal further raises pressure on Athens, which faces the prospect of running out of money in a few weeks unless it can convince lenders to dole out more financial help.Athens put a brave face on the failure to reach an agreement with the "Brussels Group" of representatives from the EU and the IMF, saying it remained keen for a deal on the basis of its long-held demand that the measures it is asked to implement do not hurt economic growth. Lenders will intensify efforts to collect data in Athens, it said.One source close to the talks said the halt in negotiations was not a sign of a rupture but an indication of slow-moving progress in the discussions.Mistrust and acrimony have characterised much of Greece's talks with lenders since Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras stormed to power in January pledging to end austerity and a bailout programme that has kept Greece afloat for over four years.Greece and its European partners have sought to show publicly that relations have improved in recent weeks after Tsipras held a series of talks with EU leaders, but both sides remain far apart on issues ranging from pension reform to debt relief.At issue now is a list of reforms that Greece presented to the Brussels Group representatives last week, in an effort to show lenders that it is committed to living up to pledges of financial discipline and is worthy of aid.But euro zone officials panned the list as inadequate. One EU official said the lenders had yet to receive the list they had been waiting for.A conference call of the Euro Working Group - euro zone deputy finance ministers - remains scheduled for Wednesday and will allow the bloc to take stock of developments so far, an official said."We obviously look forward to receiving a list as soon as possible," the official said. "That's the aim of the ongoing discussions: to exchange information on detailed reform measures and intentions."The Brussels Groups makes recommendations to the Euro Working Group which in turn informs the Eurogroup of euro zone finance ministers who make decisions to disburse aid.Tsipras appealed on Monday for an "honest compromise" with lenders but warned it would not be won at any cost.Calling for support from opposition parties, Tsipras reiterated that his government would implement a Feb. 20 deal struck with the euro zone.But he also stressed that the government had non-negotiable "red lines" such as avoiding wage and pension cuts and mass layoffs, and avoiding a fire sale of asset sales in favour of concessions that allows the state to retain control.Separately, Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis met on Tuesday with officials from major bond fund manager Pimco, which has large investments in euro zone peripheral debt. Pimco officials expressed interest in Greek Treasury bill auctions and bonds, a finance ministry official said.
LOCAL charity Hugs From Henry has donated 150 Easter eggs to the children’s wards at Derriford Hospital.The kind donation comes after people across the city donated more than 600 chocolate eggs, which will be shared between Derriford Hospital, Jeremiah's Journey, Children's Hospice South West, Bristol Royal Hospital for Children and CLIC Sargent, Homes from Home.Elsbeth Hallam, said she was delighted to be able to give back to those who helped five-year-old Henry when he was battling rare childhood cancer neuroblastoma.She said: “It gives us great pleasure to be able to give back to people that need it, after all of the kindness that people have shown to us.“I would like to thank the public for their generosity, I can’t believe the total amount that we received.“The Children and Young People's Outpatient Department at Derriford Hospital have been such a great support to my family.“They are a lovely team and are like an extended family to us. We now hope to be able to carry on giving back every year.”Helen Little, ward manager for Wildgoose and the Children and Young People's Outpatients Department said: “We would like to thank Hugs from Henry for their kindness.“Children really love receiving Easter eggs and it will be great to put a smile on their faces.”
There are many things about Stephen Sharper about which the Liberal party is envious.Two, he’s the Prime Minster instead of a Liberal.Three, he keeps getting re-elected prime minister over Liberals.All these are clear violations of the Liberal code, which holds that only Liberals are qualified to run anything above a hot dog stand. It’s reasonable enough to be upset on that account, but who would have believed the Liberals would be jealous of Stephen Harper’s artistic talents?Those talents are modest. Even Mr. Harper would probably admit that. After considerable coaxing from his wife, the prime minister agreed some years ago to let down his guard and share a secret with Canadians: he can play the piano a little, and sing, sort of. Mostly he sings oldies, particularly the Beatles, but also, on special occasions, Buddy Holly, Johnny Cash, John Denver (a very non-Conservative choice) and even Guns ‘n Roses, when he wants to pander to the base.His willingness to display his talents has always annoyed Liberals, who insist it’s part of a calculated effort to give the false impression he has human qualities. But it obviously goes beyond that.How else to explain their transparent attempt to show that Liberal leader Justin Trudeau also has an artistic bent that’s just as modest as Mr. Harper’s? Perhaps even more modest, judging by the evidence.The party is offering a “limited edition” sketch by Mr. Trudeau entitled “Canadian Liberty.” It depicts the Canadian Human Rights Museum in Winnipeg, and is tied to a fundraising campaign. If donations for March reached $350,000, everyone would get a copy of the sketch. Just like on Oprah: “You would get a copy, and you would get a copy and you would get a copy…”Of course there was no political calculation at all in Mr. Trudeau’s choice of subject. Let’s see, what will I draw? The dog? My kids? The back yard? Oh, I know … how about a representation of Canadians’ devotion to human dignity and basic rights, that echoes my father’s lifelong quest to enshrine those rights in a Charter? Yeah, that’s the idea. Then I’ll watch golf on TV.The sketch is, ah … how shall we put this? Definitely the work of an amateur. There’s nothing wrong with that – no one claims Mr. Harper sounds like John Lennon either. Maybe Ringo Starr. Or Yoko Ono.Art by politicians seems to be something of a trend. Decades ago, Sir Winston Churchill enjoyed painting as a distraction from the pressures of politics and war. His case was a bit unique, in that he had actual talent. More recently George W. Bush, after he left the White House, took to painting amateur portraits of leaders he’d known. Very amateur. Very extremely amateur, in fact. Much as you might describe his presidency.On a sliding scale, where Mr. Bush is a one and Mr. Churchill is a ten, Mr. Trudeau would probably come in at about a three. You can see the resemblance between Mr. Trudeau’s portrait and the actual human rights museum. With Mr. Bush that’s not always the case. His portrait of Mr. Harper, for instance, gives the impression the prime minister may have had the mumps. There is a basic Rotarian feel that you don’t get from the real Mr. Harper. And Mr. Bush’s Vladimir Putin could subtitled: “Zombie Russian President on a bad day.”Mr. Harper followed up his first foray into rock music with several subsequent gigs. He even has a band, the Van Cats (as in 24, in French). Perhaps that means we should also expect more from Mr. Trudeau in the way of artistic endeavor. Perhaps a portrait in oils of the nine Liberal prime ministers, with a 10th sketched in, the face left a blank except for curly dark hair. Or would that be too obvious?
From hunting across town for eggs to squaring up to fire-breathing dragons, there's no shortage of family activities going on in Swansea Bay this Easter. MARK REES takes a look at some of the best:1 Spring on down to Swansea Community Farm Summer FestivalJoin Swansea Community Farm for their Spring Festival tomorrow. Lambs, piglets and chicks will be making an appearance from 10am to 3pm, you can try your hand at an Easter egg hunt, as well as bush craft sessions and gardening.Warhammers at the ready — there'll be a fantastical day of action and adventure at Oystermouth Castle tomorrow when their Dungeons and Dragons Day returns for another year.There'll be magical storytelling, some clever puppetry, a huge dragon procession and even a chance to meet some newly hatched baby dragons. But don't get too close — they might bite! Normal admission charges apply.Yee-haw! Budding cowboys and cowgirls should head to Margam Park this bank holiday for a rootin' tootin' day of family fun featuring Running Brave, the original Native American Magic Show, as well as plenty of themed shows and workshops.Head to Swansea's National Waterfront Museum today where would-be sleuths will have an opportunity to pit their wits against the museum's secret chest, and attempt to crack its code and throw open the lid. The Cracking Good Code Trail will lead visitors in and out of the 15 themed galleries to find the smashed eggs which unlock the chest. This trail is a fun, interactive way to uncover lots of fascinating facts about the collections. There'll also be some nifty craft sessions and family games going on.Penllergaer's Llys Nini Animal Centre hold their annual Easter egg hunt and Easter Bonnet Parade at the animal centre tomorrow. The fun gets under way at 1.45pm and runs until 3.45pm, and don't forget to don your finest headgear for the Easter Bonnet Parade at 2.15pm, with prizes being dished out for the best bonnets on display.Thinking of hunting for a bargain in Swansea City Centre tomorrow? Why not combine with a hunt for an egg? Collect a map and clues from some of the magical Alice in Wonderland characters roaming the city centre tomorrow, and then use it to track down the messages on the Easter eggs hiding in different city businesses. Return your map to the tourist information centre at the end and claim a goodie bag as a reward.Are you brave enough to get up close and personal with some of Plantasia's more exotic inhabitants? Then head to Swansea's very own tropical hothouse next week for their latest animal zone shows.Animal Zone: Interactive, Plantasia, Parc Tawe, Tuesday, April 7 and Wednesday, April 8, four shows a day at 10.30am, noon, 2pm and 3.15pm.Follow Cochyn's footsteps around Parc y Scarlets this Easter, and little ones under 11 can take part in an Easter egg trail for a Scarlets' Easter egg.Work off those Easter calories at the Gnoll Park on Tuesday, where there'll be donkey rides, games, prizes and some games of crazy golf. Perfect for families.10 Work off those Easter calories at the Gnoll Park on Tuesday, where there'll be donkey rides, games, prizes and some games of crazy golf. Perfect for families.Keep the little ones active this Easter with Carmarthen Library's Actif crafts and storytelling. For under eights.There'll be a chance to get creative at Swansea Museum next Thursday, with an Easter theme to the arts and crafts activities.Tom Morgan's Friends of Brynmill Park will be celebrating Easter with an egg hunt and bonnet parade at The Discovery Centre, Brynmill Park, Swansea on Saturday, April 4,. Easter egg hunt at 10.30am (suitable for up to 10 years old). Easter bonnet parade at noon, for all ages.13 All aboard with the Easter bunnyWant to meet the Easter Bunny in person? Then head to Gwili Railway this Bank Holiday, where there'll be an Easter trail to follow with an Easter Egg for every child, Victorian tea rooms, the riverside picnic site, miniature railway, a travelling post office, and a chance to ride the train with the bunny himself. Under three's go free, and even dogs can travel for £1!Easter Bunny at the Gwili Steam Railway, Bronwydd Arms Station, Carmarthen. Saturday, Sunday and Monday. Train departs every hour between 10.30 am and 3.30pm
The Hurricanes will remain unbeaten for a week or two yet. In a classic match of two halves at Westpac Stadium on Friday night, the Hurricanes beat the Stormers 25-20 having led 25-3 at halftme. The second spell performance was a tad disappointing from the home side, but they're still seven-from-seven this season, heading into their second bye week.The next team with a chance to lower the Hurricanes' colours will be the Waratahs on April 18. In terms of this Stormers match, there was a bit to get enthused about, almost from the get-go. The Hurricanes were set on shifting the ball whenever possible and seemed likely to score each time fullback Nehe Milner-Skudder got himself in the game. Right wing Cory Jane was similarly elusive and constructive, as the Hurricanes built a very handy halftime advantage.They played some highly attractive footy at times and, had their execution been better, might've managed 40 points for the half.Milner-Skudder, wing Julian Savea and first five-eighth Beauden Barrett were the try scorers in the opening spell, with the last of those the equal of any long-distance team try the Hurricanes have ever scored.A cheer had initially gone up to recognise a turnover won by the home side a handful of metres out from their own line. The ball was immediately shifted right to where Jane opted to have a dab. He fed the ball inside to Brad Shields - who'd earlier shifted from blindside to No 8 to cover for the injured Victor Vito - and he chugged into open pasture.Ma'a Nonu loomed alongside and the healthy crowd of immediately had hopes that the man playing his 150th Super Rugby match might emulate some of his deeds from the pre-match highlights reel that'd played over the big screen. Nonu doesn't quite have the legs he did back in 2003, however, and quickly lobbed the ball back to Shields.The odd forward might've panicked but Shields quickly shifted the ball on to Barrett, who cantered the last 35 metres to score. His conversion came after the halftime hooter and was the perfect exclamation point for such a stunning try.The first half hadn't been all runaway tries and razzle dazzle rugby. Vito stayed down following the lineout which was the springboard for Milner-Skudder's 26th minute try. He limped off with a calf problem, replaced by Adam Hill. Hooker Motu Matu'u was off, then on again, after appearing to get a whack in the face. The bench is a critical part of the modern game and the Hurricanes were being forced to go to their's very early.Mind you, the biggest shame was that the Stormers dominated possession for the 20 minutes immediately after halftime. The crowd had been buzzing after the first 40 but the game went nowhere as the Stormers kept the ball close, bunting it up a metre at a time. It won them a penalty try, when referee Rohan Hoffman ruled the Hurricanes had collapsed a scum, but few admirers in the stands. Hoffman was hardly popular either.Then centre Juan de Jongh twice touched the ball down, for the Stormers. Only the second try was given but Demetri Catrakilis' conversion made it 25-17 with 14 minutes to go.The Stormers' ability to control possession and Hoffman's intervention were important factors in the contrasting halves, but so was Barrett. Good player, lovely skills, just very casual at times too.The Stormers stuck at it and, at 25-20 with five minutes to go, a few of the 13,406-strong crowd were on the edge of their seat. No matter, the Hurricanes got home again.Hurricanes 25 (Nehe Milner-Skudder, Julian Savea, Beauden Barrett tries; Barrett 2 pen, 2 con) Stormers 20 (Penalty try Juan de Jongh tries; Demetri Catrakilis pen, 2 con, Kurt Coleman pen). HT: 25-3.
Gary Locke has been confirmed as permanent Kilmarnock manager following a spell as interim boss.The 39-year-old has been in charge for seven matches - losing just once - since Allan Johnston's departure.A former Killie player, Locke re-joined the club as Johnston's assistant last summer and was put in interim charge on in early February.The Rugby Park side currently sit eighth in the Scottish Premiership, four points off the top six.New club chairman Jim Mann said recently at the club's annual general meeting that he wanted to have a new permanent manager in place soon.Negotiations had taken place this week and Locke described reports the hold up over his new contract was due to a clause insisting the club finishes in the top six as "nonsense".And the former Hearts manager and captain said it would be a "relief" to get the deal finalised "because I have had a couple of unsettling summers".Locke was released by Hearts last summer as the club came out of administration with a new owner and a new management team."Hopefully I will be looking forward to the summer holidays this year knowing that I am in a really good job and I can start preparing for the new season," added Locke on Thursday."But since I have got the job, I have been preparing the team and looking at the club as if I was going to be here for the next two or three years anyway so hopefully that will be the case."
A man dragged from Wellington Harbour by a group which included two teenage girls, has died in hospital.Hutt Valley Police said Indian international student Boobesh Palani, 26, died on Friday at Wellington Hospital surrounded by friends.Detective Sergeant Grant Carroll said police have spoken to Palani's family who wanted to thank the Wellington community for their support during the last few days."This is a tragedy but thanks to the public's help we were able to establish Mr Palani's identity which meant his friends were at his side for his final few days," Carroll said.Police were continuing to make inquiries into the events leading up to the accident.The attempted rescue happened near Eastbourne when the man's cries were heard from 50m off the coast at 10.30pm on Monday.Payge Olds, 16, and carpenter Jon Derrick leapt in the water and dragged the man back to the beach, where the pair and Olds' 15-year-old cousin Kelly McKay gave him CPR till emergency services arrived.
Her style is followed by women across the globe and whatever she wears is sure to sell out within minutes.Yet the Duchess of Cambridge has been dismissed as an ‘uneventful’ dresser by leading author Margaret Atwood.And most controversially, the 75-year-old said Kate hasn’t lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husband’s late mother, Princess Diana.Miss Atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers.But she added she is right not to follow in Diana’s footsteps.‘I think she dresses quite uneventfully,’ the author of The Handmaid’s Tale said.‘I think she’s watching her back, I think she probably has people who pretty much tell her what is appropriate for her to wear.‘I don’t think she’s become the fashion plate that Diana was, and I think she’s probably doing that advisably,wouldn’t you say?’Miss Atwood is just the latest high-profile female writer to apparently attack the duchess’s image and public persona.Double Booker Prize winner and Wolf Hall author Hilary Mantel has described Kate as a ‘shop window mannequin’ and a ‘machine-made’ princess who has been ‘designed by committee’.Meanwhile Sandi Toksvig has said the duchess doesn’t have a ‘single opinion’ of her own, and Joan Smith caused outrage by labelling Kate ‘unambitious and bland’.Speaking at a talk at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, Miss Atwood, who has also won the Booker for The Blind Assassin, admitted she judges women on the clothing they wear.The novelist, who has been described as a feminist writer, said: ‘Let’s pretend you’re meeting a person for the first time, as you do when you meet a character in a book.‘What do I see? Your dress, I see your face of course, I focus on that. I see your earrings, I see your necklace, and those are all part of you. They are all part of the total image of who I’ve just met.’Miss Atwood’s latest book Stone Mattress prompted her to be labelled ‘offensive’ and a ‘man hater’ by critics last year.Last month a £35 black polka dot dress from online retailer ASOS sold out within half an hour of Kate wearing it to an event.And in 2013 the £46 Seraphine dress she wore for her first official family portrait with William and Prince George sold out two hours after the photo was published.
The family of a 90-year-old woman who had her necklace and bracelet stolen while she was being treated in hospital today branded the thieves as 'despicable'.Florence Kirkham was admitted to County Hospital in Stafford in November last year.While there she celebrated her 90th birthday and her family took pictures of her on the day wearing the gold necklace and bracelet.But after she was discharged on February 10 and went to a care home in Lichfield, the jewellery was found to be no longer in her possession. She has since passed away and her funeral took place yesterday.Her son Glenn Kirkham, who lives in Slitting Mill, Rugeley, has spoken of his anger after the theft.He also said he was disappointed after the hospital wrote to him to say there was nothing they could do.He said: "We know she went in with the necklace and bracelet because she always had them on her wherever she went."When she was released from hospital and to the care home, she didn't have the jewellery on her."We asked the staff there and they said she didn't come in with any jewellery on."I'm incensed someone has done this and taken advantage of my mum. It makes my blood boil."It's not about the money. Who knows, this could have been a patient or a visitor. It just worries me that someone can walk up to an old lady lying in a bed and do this to her. It's despicable."I'm also disappointed the hospital don't seem to want to do anything."Mrs Kirkham was a retired school cook. She left behind one son, Glenn, three grand-daughters and two great grand-daughters.University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS Trust chief executive Mark Hackett said: "We were very sorry to hear that Mrs Kirkham had lost precious items."I have written to the family to explain that the trust cannot accept responsibility for patient valuables unless they have been handed in for ‘safe keeping’ and an official receipt is provided."I understand that this will not bring comfort, however, we are unable to take responsibility for items that we have not been made aware of and agreed to take responsibility for."The trust will be happy to assist the police with any investigations they may wish to undertake."Mr Kirkham informed the police about the disappearance of the jewellery.
Orkney islands Council has approved the loan of items from their museum collection to a university in the Netherlands.An application to loan ‘the lithic assemblage’ from the Neolithic site of Barnhouse to the Faculty of Archaeology at Leiden University was approved by the education, leisure and housing committee.The lithic assemblage comprises 915 flints and pitchstones, with some having been identified as small tools such as arrowheads, piercers, knives and scrapes, to less defined material such as flakes and chips.It was heard at the meeting that all costs associated with the loan, such as transport, courier and insurance, would be met by the borrower.
French police evacuate hostages after launching the assault at a kosher grocery store in Porte de Vincennes. Photo: Thomas Samson/AFPSix people who hid in a supermarket refrigerator during January's Islamist attacks in Paris have sued French media for broadcasting their location live during the siege.Images broadcast from the scene on January 9th, when gunman Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Casher Jewish supermarket, killing four and taking others hostage, "lacked the most basic precautions" and endangered those still alive inside, said a lawyer representing the group, Patrick Klugman.Klugman singled out French 24-hour news channel BFMTV, which revealed live on air that the group -- including a three-year-old child and a one-month-old baby -- was hiding from Coulibaly in the cold room, where they were taken by one of the supermarket's employees."The working methods of media in real time in this type of situation were tantamount to goading someone to commit a crime," Klugman told AFP Thursday, roundly criticizing coverage by other outlets of security forces movements during the standoff.The lives of those hiding "could have been at risk if Coulibaly had been aware in real time what BFMTV was broadcasting," Klugman said, adding that the jihadist was following the coverage of his raid on different channels and had been in contact with BFMTV journalists.The heavily televised events at Hyper Cacher in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. All three gunmen were killed after three days of attacks the killed a total of 17 people and deeply shocked France.The lawsuit charges media outlets with endangering the lives of others by deliberately ignoring security protocols, which carries a maximum penalty of a year in prison and 15,000-euro ($16,300) fine.In February France's major TV and radio networks were formally rapped by the French broadcast regulator, the Conseil Superieur de l'Audiovisuel (CSA), for what it considered to be serious "breaches" in their coverage of the terror attacks.The warnings were issued for violations including: showing the moment two of the Islamist gunmen cold-bloodedly shot dead a policeman; identifying the two gunmen before police did so publicly; reporting that people were hiding in a Jewish supermarket taken over by a third gunmen; and providing live video feeds of the deadly police assault on the supermarket.The broadcast regulator determined that 36 breaches of broadcast rules had been committed, to different degrees of gravity, by state channels France 24, France 2, France 3, France 5, France Info, France Inter and RFI as well as commercial broadcasters TF1, LCI, Euronews, Canal+, BFMTV, iTele, Europe 1, RMC and RTL.
The Calgary Flames are getting closer to outlining their ambitions for a new arena to replace the aging Saddledome in what’s a hat trick, of sorts.Club CEO Ken King shared the plans with Mayor Naheed Nenshi last month, who then laid them out for councillors earlier this week. It’s an ambitious vision that features three elements in the West Village: a new hockey arena and a football stadium that would also serve as an amateur sports field house. Facilities for track meets, indoor soccer and other amateur sports have long been at the top of community groups’ wish list, so the inclusion of a field house is certain to increase the project’s appeal among Calgarians.“A multi-sport facility is needed in this town, and I think if they can be the ones to bring it to the table and get it done, it looks good on them as well,” said Jason Zaran, incoming chairman of the Calgary Multisport Fieldhouse Society.Zaran’s group has been working with the city’s recreation department on a $202-million proposal for Foothills Athletic Park, just north of McMahon Stadium — a facility that would be financed with tax dollars. Including the field house in the Flames’ proposal could provide the level of public benefit that Nenshi has said is necessary for the city to consider becoming a partner with the Flames ownership. There are other ways the city can help beyond money, of course — by providing some land, for instance.Most Calgarians want to avoid the style of negotiations that Edmonton city council engaged in, taking on ever-larger amounts of debt for the construction of its city’s new $480-million arena. It’s evident, however, that new amenities — ones that provide more suitable homes for the Calgary Flames, Calgary Hitmen and Calgary Stampeders, among other teams owned by the management group — would be an asset to Calgary.Traffic congestion and environmental cleanup would have to be addressed, but the project would mercifully put an end to the performers who give Calgary a miss on their concert tours because of the Saddledome’s distinctive roof, which prevents the staging of elaborate sets.It’s to be hoped the Flames’ new home includes features that make it a must-see meeting place, rather than an unimaginative grouping of sports venues. The ownership group, which includes some of Calgary’s most generous philanthropists, has hinted at a bold vision, so there’s every reason to believe it will live up to expectations when details are formally released. The project would be a tremendous source of pride and economic development for all of southern Alberta.
Chasetown head into this weekend’s fixture back in the groove of things after a handsome win at Sheffield FC last weekend, writes Lewis Cox.The win was an important step for the Scholars as they bounced-back in impressive style following their first set-back under boss Marcus Law.They welcome relegation-threatened Rainworth Miners Welfare to Church Lane tomorrow, before the short trip to Stafford Rangers on Easter Monday.They will be without influential forward Paul Sullivan, the Hednesford Town loanee had 12 goals in 12 games under Law and has now been recalled to his parent club.
FIRE crews from Stourbridge have been called to a three car road traffic collision.The incident happened in Park Road, Colley Gate in Halesowen at about 11.30pm last night.One male had to be removed with a suspected broken femur.
Miss Susan McAlpine, the former head teacher of Aberlemno Primary in Angus and Pitcairn Primary near Perth, has died at home after a period of ill health. She was 65.Born in Glasgow, Miss McAlpine spent some time teaching there, including a spell at Castle Toward Residential School.She was appointed as head teacher of Aberlemno Primary early in 1981 and quickly became very active in the local community, taking on roles on the hall committee, Aberlemno WRI, the congregational board of Aberlemno Church and the community council.From Aberlemno she moved to take up the head teacher’s post at Pitcairn Primary in August 1990 where she continued her community involvement.She retired from the role at the end of 2009.Miss McAlpine has been described as an inspirational teacher who will be remembered with great fondness by many.
The 36-year-old beauty was spotted on a Littlewoods shoot on a picturesque beach wearing a pretty summer dress and little else. Playing around in the sand, the star was clearly enjoying her time in the idyllic country with the beautiful surroundings. But, in her surprise at the temperature of the water, Myleene flashed a little more than expected as she lifted the hem of her dress. **CLICK HERE TO SEE MORE PICTURES OF MYLEENE KLASS**The mother-of-two was aghast as she ran through the wash to get back to the warmth of the beachfront. Myleene was shooting her latest advert for the hughstreet brand, wearing a floral dress from her latest collection. The multicoloured flowery frock suited Myleene's impressive figure, and the star danced around the beach holding the edge of her dress. The star posted a picture from her shoot two weeks ago to her Instagram account, saying: "Unbelievable day shooting with the glam squad."It seems Myleene took a couple of days out of shooting to enjoy a holiday with her boyfriend The Great Dane while she was in SA. The loved-up pair were spotted frolicking around in a swimming pool, enjoying some quality time without the presenter's two daughters Hero and Ava. Although they've been dating for around a year, the mystery beau is still only known as The Great Dane.
Louis Jordan, 37, was spotted 200 miles off the North Carolina coast by a German tanker.The crew on board the tanker hoisted him to safety from his overturned 35-foot sailboat.The American had left South Carolina on January 23 for a shipping trip.His family last heard from him a week later and thought he was dead.But the sailor revealed he had been living off a diet of raw fish and rainwater.
An update of people convicted and sentenced in the courts in Hull and the East Riding.Dean Holgate, 33, of Southcoates Avenue, Hull, was fined £220 for possessing 28.2g of Mephedrone and dishonestly receiving a Marin bicycle, worth £750. He was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £20 victim surcharge.Steven Lammas, 23, of Bodmin Road, Bransholme, was given a community order for assaulting a woman. He was ordered to pay a £60 victim surcharge.Michael Megson, 52, of Ryde Street, west Hull, was conditionally discharged for 12 months for possessing heroin and a lock knife in a public place. He was ordered to pay a £15 victim surcharge.Michael Parsons, 55, of no fixed abode, was jailed for 56 days, suspended for 12 months, for stealing wine and meats, worth £10.99, from Tesco. He was ordered to pay an £80 victim surcharge.Barry Richards, 39, of no fixed abode, was fined £37 for being drunk and disorderly in a public place, while subject to a conditional discharge. He was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £20 victim surcharge.Lee Swain, 32, of Topcliffe Garth, Bransholme, was jailed for four weeks, suspended for 12 months, for damaging Hull City Council windows and causing harassment, alarm or distress and used threatening, abusive or insulting words to Jelissa Birtwhistle. He was ordered to pay an £80 victim surcharge.
Boris Johnson was accused of ‘breath-taking cheek’ after he set out his vision of ‘moral purpose’ in business and politics.The London Mayor praised the Coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s Britain.He said the fact that more jobs were being created was ‘one of the absolute moral triumphs’ of the government.The comments by Mr Johnson, who is standing to be a Tory MP in a west London constituency, will be seen as an attempt to position himself as a future party leader.Last night Labour’s Stephen Pound, who is fighting to defend a nearby seat, said: ‘I’m thinking of a sentence with the words pot, kettle and black in it.’‘It seems that Boris’s motto is “do as I say, not as I do”. It really is breath-taking cheek. He obviously has a different definition of “moral” to most of my constituents.’In 2004, Mr Johnson admitted a four-year affair with the journalist Petronella Wyatt while he was married to his second wife Marina, with whom he has four children.Five years later he fathered a child by Helen Macintyre, an unpaid adviser in the London Assembly.Mr Johnson spoke about morality in an interview with the London Evening Standard, saying he believed wealth creation was there to fund public services such as schools and hospitals.He said: ‘I think this country was harrowed by the experience of mass unemployment in the early Eighties.‘One of the absolute moral triumphs of this Coalition government has been to get us through the worst recession for 50 years without seeing a return to those levels of unemployment.’
A MAN who was jailed for a terrifying knife attack on his ex-girlfriend has had an appeal to reduce his life sentence rejected.Kevin Collins, 45, of Boulevard, west Hull, was labelled a "clear danger" by judges at the Criminal Appeal Court.Collins attacked the woman, who he met via a dating website, in Midmere Avenue, Bransholme, after she dumped him in June last year.He repeatedly thrust a 12-inch knife at her, telling the horrified mum that he was going to "stick" her.Collins was eventually wrestled to the ground and disarmed by a police officer in Perran Close.He admitted attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm, making a threat to kill and possessing an offensive weapon.He was jailed for life at Hull Crown Court in September last year and ordered to serve a minimum of six years.Passing sentence, Judge Simon Jack described Collins as one of the most dangerous people he had ever dealt with.Collins' lawyers tried to overturn the life sentence, but the case was thrown out by Lady Justice Sharp, Mr Justice Simon and Mr Justice Holgate.Mr Justice Simon said Collins' history of offending against ex-girlfriends and their partners made him a "clear danger".The judge said: "This was a serious offence in which he had armed himself with a large knife and lain in wait for his victim."The attack was ferocious and sustained and only the quick wit and agility of the victim saved her from serious harm."His previous convictions show that, at the end of each of his last three relationships, he posed a serious danger to his previous partners or their new partners."In our view, the life sentence cannot be considered either wrong in principle or manifestly excessive."In 1997, Collins was jailed for three years for stabbing an ex-girlfriend's new partner after breaking into their home and lying in wait.Ten years later, he was jailed again for setting fire to the home of another former partner.In 2011, he was sent down again for harassing a former partner following the breakdown of their relationship.
Borno Elders Forum, BEF, has called on President-elect, Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, to make eradicating all sources of insurgency and insecurity in the country a top priority immediately after assuming office.Chairman of the forum, Alhaji Gaji Galtumari, gave the advice in a statement issued yesterday in Maiduguri, where the forum congratulated the President-elect and Vice-President-elect over their cherished and well deserved victory in the just concluded presidential election.“We see this as a victory for democracy, peace and harmony throughout the country and beyond. It is a victory for the black race and the masses in general,” BEF said.Borno elders, who noted that the congratulatory message needed to be accompanied by few words of advice to the incoming President, said, “Over the past few years, Nigerians have been terribly afflicted by insurgency and high level terrorism.“For us in Borno and indeed the North East, it is not an exaggeration to say that we have been taken back several years in terms of all indices of human development. Although, we believe it was our destiny.“We therefore urge Mr President to promptly eradicate all forms of insurgency and violence across the country.“This should be the starting point. Nothing works without peace. We recently had cause to plead with the nation to come up with a Marshall Plan for the North East, starting first by setting up a high level Presidential Assessment Committee to take stock of the level of devastation.“We need to be quickly rescued, rehabilitated, reconstructed, resettled and re-established.”The statement continued, “Over the few years under reference, Nigeria has been terribly polarised on sectional, religious and tribal lines.“We thank the Almighty Allah that Nigerians remained resolute in their desire for one indivisible, indissoluble and indestructible nation.“Indeed, the spirit of Nigeria as brothers’ keepers persisted at the level of the masses of our people.“Now, Mr President-elect needs to cash in on this spirit of Nigerianness demonstrated by the masses throughout the nation.“It had come to Nigerians constantly relocating to their states of origins each time there are issues like elections, census, and so on.“Nigerians lived in the fear of the unknown even when they desired to live together in peace and harmony.”The statement called on Buhari to quickly address the diversification of sources of revenue generation in the country.It added that the country needed to pay attention to agriculture and solid minerals development.“We equally need to accelerate the exploration and exploitation of petroleum deposits, particularly in the Chad Basin and the Benue Trough and other places.’’It also called for taking away from the streets the millions of unemployed youths.“Jobs need to be created on daily basis and young people should be encouraged to take them up.“All school age children must be compelled to go to school. Massive investment in education and vocational training is a priority.’’It added that Buhari needs a `great’ cabinet to achieve most of the promises made to Nigerians.“We know Buhari to be a straight-forward, simple, honest, incorruptible and just leader.“He has been our Governor in the then North East and also been a Head of State.“From his antecedents, we have no doubt about his ability and resolve to deliver effectively.“Yet, he needs a cabinet of like minds, men and women who would think, dream, work and display transparency like Buhari,” the statement concluded.
CATTLE Country Adventure Park in Berkeley will unveil its new £70,000 animal experience centre for visitors to enjoy over the Easter holidays.As part of its continued investment into the tourism industry, Cattle Country has spent the quieter winter months creating a 3,000 sq ft animal barn.The centre boasts a range of animal pens where visitors can bottle feed animals and witness educational animal talks and demonstrations by its animal carers.In addition the park has welcomed new baby lambs, Tamworth pigs, Welsh Badger-faced sheep, Belted Galloway and White Park Cattle.Other new attractions include new educational zones featuring bird boxes, interactive learning signs and a solar powered water fountain to teach youngsters about solar power.Cattle Country's General Manager, Stuart Burnell, said: "We wanted to further build upon our success of 2014, where we welcomed record numbers of visitors to Cattle Country."We hope this new major attraction and our range of new animals will ensure we maintain our position as one of the best family days out in the region."This facility will improve our visitor experience greatly and we cannot wait to welcome our first guests to the barn over the Easter Holidays."Easter activities will include lamb bottle feeding, falconry displays, an Easter Egg trail, face painting, plus a Frozen themed weekend from Good Friday, April 3 - Monday April 6.
Israel warned on Friday that a framework deal with the West over Iran's controversial nuclear programme was "very dangerous," accusing Tehran of seeking an atomic weapon."This framework (agreement) is a step in a very, very dangerous direction," government spokesman Mark Regev told journalists, adding that Iran's "single goal" behind the accord was to build a nuclear bomb.Iran and Western powers struck an outline agreement in Switzerland Thursday paving the way for Tehran to curtail its nuclear activity in exchange for relief from punishing economic sanctions.
ACT Brumbies rookie James Dargaville can't shake the tag of being Pat McCabe's clone.His teammates yell "pass it Patty" when he touches the ball at training, they even quip that the pair from Sydney's northern beaches dress the same.But retired Australian Wallabies winger McCabe says Dargaville has "a few more strings to the bow" and is set to forge his own Super Rugby identity.Dargaville makes his starting debut against South Africa's Free State Cheetahs at Canberra Stadium on Saturday."I guess there are some similarities between us," says McCabe, who retired prematurely because of chronic neck injuries. "I think he offers more than just being a hard worker, to pigeon-hole him as a grafter isn't doing him justice"He's come in like I did from club footy in Sydney with not a lot of expectation around him and he's taken it with both hands."I think he'll probably develop a few more strings to the bow than I had, that might give him a bit more career longevity than I had."He's been awesome so far, I don't think he's like me. He's making his own way and has his own style, he's going to be a great player for the Brumbies."Dargaville, 22, grew up surfing and sailing in Sydney and can't escape comparisons to McCabe.Both played for Warringah. Dargaville is studying engineering, McCabe is completing a commerce-law degree.Like McCabe, Dargaville prides himself on his backline versatility and putting his body on the line."I guess there are a few similarities on paper," Dargaville said."I feel I can get the best involvements by running hard and tackling hard. That's the best way I can bring myself into a game, and if that's similar to Pat McCabe then I guess we are similar in that way."Dargaville was a flanker only a few years ago before switching to the backs at Sydney University. He stood out in the inaugural National Rugby Championships for the Sydney Stars, the Brumbies swooping to give him a chance in Canberra."The goal posts keep moving quickly. If you said when I first came down that I'd be starting in round eight, I would have said that's unlikely," Dargaville said."But I got my debut in round one and a few games ... things have shifted. It's hard to set goals when they change so quickly."Fellow rookie Blake Enever will also get a chance in the starting team against the Cheetahs, stepping into the second row to replace Rory Arnold.Enever cut his teeth in Queensland working with Wallabies locks James Horwill and Rob Simmons before taking a chance in Canberra."I didn't know what to expect coming here, getting a start is a dream come true and I'm looking forward to the chance," Enever said.Saturday: ACT Brumbies v Free State Cheetahs at Canberra Stadium, 7.40pm. TV time: Live on Fox Sports 2. Tickets available from Ticketek.
A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Traffic north and south of Auckland has slowed to a crawl, with holiday-makers being advised to delay travelling if possible.The NZ Transport Agency said holiday traffic was causing heavy ...Search for driver after possible hit and run in Taranaki Taranaki police are searching for the driver involved in a suspected hit and run crash that left a woman lying on the road side with severe injuries.The 50-year-old was discovered on the ...Temperatures were above average for most of the country in March, as a predominant north easterly airflow regularly brought air masses down from the tropics.Many areas had less sunshine ...A proposal to impose a levy on purchasing plastic bags to help pay for their disposal and discourage their use will be put to the Palmerston North City Council's planning and policy ...Source: ONE News An elderly person has crashed their vehicle into a building at Mercy Hospital in the Auckland suburb of Epsom. There are no injuries and the crash is described as ...Two men on night fishing trip attacked with axe and robbed Two Korean men on a night fishing trip north of Auckland were attacked with an axe and robbed. The "nasty and unprovoked" assault at Ti Point Wharf in Leigh in the early hours of Wednesday ...Hunters are being urged to give ducks a fighting chance of surviving the annual season which starts in four weeks. As a prelude to limiting semi-automatic and pump-action shotgun fire to a maximum ...Check out our weekly guide of things you can do in Auckland this weekend. From galleries to concerts and markets to museums, there's something for everyone here.WEEKEND 3-6 ...A mischevious rabbit got far further than a hop, skip and jump from home before being reunited with its owners, just in time for Easter.Olaf managed to escape from his Ponsonby garden in ...Jonny Evans is about to make history.The 11-year-old from Kohimarama, Auckland will step out on to Emirates Stadium this Sunday morning (NZ time) alongside some of the greats of ...A century-old villa is being trucked out of Herne Bay and the community is already mourning the loss.Work to remove the landmark villa at 165 Jervois Rd, which was home to the Erawan Thai ...
A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Traffic north and south of Auckland has slowed to a crawl, with holiday-makers being advised to delay travelling if possible.The NZ Transport Agency said holiday traffic was causing heavy ...Search for driver after possible hit and run in Taranaki Taranaki police are searching for the driver involved in a suspected hit and run crash that left a woman lying on the road side with severe injuries.The 50-year-old was discovered on the ...Temperatures were above average for most of the country in March, as a predominant north easterly airflow regularly brought air masses down from the tropics.Many areas had less sunshine ...A proposal to impose a levy on purchasing plastic bags to help pay for their disposal and discourage their use will be put to the Palmerston North City Council's planning and policy ...Source: ONE News An elderly person has crashed their vehicle into a building at Mercy Hospital in the Auckland suburb of Epsom. There are no injuries and the crash is described as ...Two men on night fishing trip attacked with axe and robbed Two Korean men on a night fishing trip north of Auckland were attacked with an axe and robbed. The "nasty and unprovoked" assault at Ti Point Wharf in Leigh in the early hours of Wednesday ...Hunters are being urged to give ducks a fighting chance of surviving the annual season which starts in four weeks. As a prelude to limiting semi-automatic and pump-action shotgun fire to a maximum ...Check out our weekly guide of things you can do in Auckland this weekend. From galleries to concerts and markets to museums, there's something for everyone here.WEEKEND 3-6 ...A mischevious rabbit got far further than a hop, skip and jump from home before being reunited with its owners, just in time for Easter.Olaf managed to escape from his Ponsonby garden in ...Jonny Evans is about to make history.The 11-year-old from Kohimarama, Auckland will step out on to Emirates Stadium this Sunday morning (NZ time) alongside some of the greats of ...A century-old villa is being trucked out of Herne Bay and the community is already mourning the loss.Work to remove the landmark villa at 165 Jervois Rd, which was home to the Erawan Thai ...
As a soccer mom, I am one of the four out of five Calgarians who use my car for driving to work every day and running most errands.I know that city hall’s new Step Forward pedestrian strategy would like me to choose walking as a mode of transport, and shift to a “culture of walking,” but it’s not very practical. I’m guessing most readers would share my frustration with city hall’s new pedestrian strategy.As a resident of McKenzie Towne, it is not so easy to put on my walking shoes and head on down the Deerfoot. It is not possible for me to walk to my place of employment downtown. I could walk my son to school, but it would take close to half an hour, and we would have to cross through a busy traffic circle (and that is if the weather is agreeable enough). Both skating and swimming lessons mean another trip down the Deerfoot to Anderson Road — another almost impossible route for walking.I know I’m not alone. Seventy-nine per cent of Calgarians are driving for “all-day, all-purpose trips” (errands as well as commuting), up two per cent from 2005, according to the city’s 2013 Monitoring Report.Given those numbers, I especially find it frustrating that much of city planning seems to focus around an infrastructure and lifestyle that is an exception and not the norm in Calgary. Recall, the city’s cycle track plan was also deemed a priority by city hall, even though only 1.2 per cent of Calgarians cycle to work. The Route Ahead plan was also deemed a major priority for council back in 2012, and yet only 15.9 per cent of Calgarians use transit to get to work.Unfortunately, I think most people in their cars are too busy to advocate for motorists’ rights. When we’re not driving to work or picking the kids up from daycare, we’re hoping to have enough time to stop by the supermarket for dinner or pick up the dry cleaning. It would be nice to see a Motorists’ Plan.As a motorist seeing so many resources placed toward walking and cycling, I have to ask myself: are my tax dollars really being spent in the best way to benefit society in the here and now? The budget for implementing the pedestrian strategy has yet to be determined. But before it is, I think it is important to ask: would you rather see city hall shave 15 to 20 minutes off your commute each day? Wouldn’t it be great to have more time with your kids or to visit your aging parents?Government should be about prioritizing strategies, particularly in tough economic times. Polls show traffic congestion is a top priority, yet city hall doesn’t seem to be putting our resources toward the public’s priorities.To be sure, the pedestrian strategy should be praised for the strong safety recommendations made that include improving traffic signals, signs and warning lights for pedestrians, as well as focusing safety efforts at pedestrian-generating areas, including hospitals and schools. The Safe Routes to Schools program is also an excellent initiative, providing sound safety education to our youth. Safety should be a priority in a culture of vehicles.There is nothing wrong with planning. Planning is an activity that should be encouraged for the success of organizations, businesses and certainly governments. The problem is when the planning is not concurrent with how people live their lives. The pedestrian strategy concerns me as an effort by city hall to tell us how to live, and not accommodate how we choose to live. Many Calgarians would agree, that’s a step in the wrong direction.
A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Traffic north and south of Auckland has slowed to a crawl, with holiday-makers being advised to delay travelling if possible.The NZ Transport Agency said holiday traffic was causing heavy ...Search for driver after possible hit and run in Taranaki Taranaki police are searching for the driver involved in a suspected hit and run crash that left a woman lying on the road side with severe injuries.The 50-year-old was discovered on the ...Temperatures were above average for most of the country in March, as a predominant north easterly airflow regularly brought air masses down from the tropics.Many areas had less sunshine ...A proposal to impose a levy on purchasing plastic bags to help pay for their disposal and discourage their use will be put to the Palmerston North City Council's planning and policy ...Source: ONE News An elderly person has crashed their vehicle into a building at Mercy Hospital in the Auckland suburb of Epsom. There are no injuries and the crash is described as ...Two men on night fishing trip attacked with axe and robbed Two Korean men on a night fishing trip north of Auckland were attacked with an axe and robbed. The "nasty and unprovoked" assault at Ti Point Wharf in Leigh in the early hours of Wednesday ...Hunters are being urged to give ducks a fighting chance of surviving the annual season which starts in four weeks. As a prelude to limiting semi-automatic and pump-action shotgun fire to a maximum ...Check out our weekly guide of things you can do in Auckland this weekend. From galleries to concerts and markets to museums, there's something for everyone here.WEEKEND 3-6 ...A mischevious rabbit got far further than a hop, skip and jump from home before being reunited with its owners, just in time for Easter.Olaf managed to escape from his Ponsonby garden in ...Jonny Evans is about to make history.The 11-year-old from Kohimarama, Auckland will step out on to Emirates Stadium this Sunday morning (NZ time) alongside some of the greats of ...A century-old villa is being trucked out of Herne Bay and the community is already mourning the loss.Work to remove the landmark villa at 165 Jervois Rd, which was home to the Erawan Thai ...
A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Traffic north and south of Auckland has slowed to a crawl, with holiday-makers being advised to delay travelling if possible.The NZ Transport Agency said holiday traffic was causing heavy ...Search for driver after possible hit and run in Taranaki Taranaki police are searching for the driver involved in a suspected hit and run crash that left a woman lying on the road side with severe injuries.The 50-year-old was discovered on the ...Temperatures were above average for most of the country in March, as a predominant north easterly airflow regularly brought air masses down from the tropics.Many areas had less sunshine ...A proposal to impose a levy on purchasing plastic bags to help pay for their disposal and discourage their use will be put to the Palmerston North City Council's planning and policy ...Source: ONE News An elderly person has crashed their vehicle into a building at Mercy Hospital in the Auckland suburb of Epsom. There are no injuries and the crash is described as ...Two men on night fishing trip attacked with axe and robbed Two Korean men on a night fishing trip north of Auckland were attacked with an axe and robbed. The "nasty and unprovoked" assault at Ti Point Wharf in Leigh in the early hours of Wednesday ...Hunters are being urged to give ducks a fighting chance of surviving the annual season which starts in four weeks. As a prelude to limiting semi-automatic and pump-action shotgun fire to a maximum ...Check out our weekly guide of things you can do in Auckland this weekend. From galleries to concerts and markets to museums, there's something for everyone here.WEEKEND 3-6 ...A mischevious rabbit got far further than a hop, skip and jump from home before being reunited with its owners, just in time for Easter.Olaf managed to escape from his Ponsonby garden in ...Jonny Evans is about to make history.The 11-year-old from Kohimarama, Auckland will step out on to Emirates Stadium this Sunday morning (NZ time) alongside some of the greats of ...A century-old villa is being trucked out of Herne Bay and the community is already mourning the loss.Work to remove the landmark villa at 165 Jervois Rd, which was home to the Erawan Thai ...
A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Traffic north and south of Auckland has slowed to a crawl, with holiday-makers being advised to delay travelling if possible.The NZ Transport Agency said holiday traffic was causing heavy ...Search for driver after possible hit and run in Taranaki Taranaki police are searching for the driver involved in a suspected hit and run crash that left a woman lying on the road side with severe injuries.The 50-year-old was discovered on the ...Temperatures were above average for most of the country in March, as a predominant north easterly airflow regularly brought air masses down from the tropics.Many areas had less sunshine ...A proposal to impose a levy on purchasing plastic bags to help pay for their disposal and discourage their use will be put to the Palmerston North City Council's planning and policy ...Source: ONE News An elderly person has crashed their vehicle into a building at Mercy Hospital in the Auckland suburb of Epsom. There are no injuries and the crash is described as ...Two men on night fishing trip attacked with axe and robbed Two Korean men on a night fishing trip north of Auckland were attacked with an axe and robbed. The "nasty and unprovoked" assault at Ti Point Wharf in Leigh in the early hours of Wednesday ...Hunters are being urged to give ducks a fighting chance of surviving the annual season which starts in four weeks. As a prelude to limiting semi-automatic and pump-action shotgun fire to a maximum ...Check out our weekly guide of things you can do in Auckland this weekend. From galleries to concerts and markets to museums, there's something for everyone here.WEEKEND 3-6 ...A mischevious rabbit got far further than a hop, skip and jump from home before being reunited with its owners, just in time for Easter.Olaf managed to escape from his Ponsonby garden in ...Jonny Evans is about to make history.The 11-year-old from Kohimarama, Auckland will step out on to Emirates Stadium this Sunday morning (NZ time) alongside some of the greats of ...A century-old villa is being trucked out of Herne Bay and the community is already mourning the loss.Work to remove the landmark villa at 165 Jervois Rd, which was home to the Erawan Thai ...
A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Traffic north and south of Auckland has slowed to a crawl, with holiday-makers being advised to delay travelling if possible.The NZ Transport Agency said holiday traffic was causing heavy ...Search for driver after possible hit and run in Taranaki Taranaki police are searching for the driver involved in a suspected hit and run crash that left a woman lying on the road side with severe injuries.The 50-year-old was discovered on the ...Temperatures were above average for most of the country in March, as a predominant north easterly airflow regularly brought air masses down from the tropics.Many areas had less sunshine ...A proposal to impose a levy on purchasing plastic bags to help pay for their disposal and discourage their use will be put to the Palmerston North City Council's planning and policy ...Source: ONE News An elderly person has crashed their vehicle into a building at Mercy Hospital in the Auckland suburb of Epsom. There are no injuries and the crash is described as ...Two men on night fishing trip attacked with axe and robbed Two Korean men on a night fishing trip north of Auckland were attacked with an axe and robbed. The "nasty and unprovoked" assault at Ti Point Wharf in Leigh in the early hours of Wednesday ...Hunters are being urged to give ducks a fighting chance of surviving the annual season which starts in four weeks. As a prelude to limiting semi-automatic and pump-action shotgun fire to a maximum ...Check out our weekly guide of things you can do in Auckland this weekend. From galleries to concerts and markets to museums, there's something for everyone here.WEEKEND 3-6 ...A mischevious rabbit got far further than a hop, skip and jump from home before being reunited with its owners, just in time for Easter.Olaf managed to escape from his Ponsonby garden in ...Jonny Evans is about to make history.The 11-year-old from Kohimarama, Auckland will step out on to Emirates Stadium this Sunday morning (NZ time) alongside some of the greats of ...A century-old villa is being trucked out of Herne Bay and the community is already mourning the loss.Work to remove the landmark villa at 165 Jervois Rd, which was home to the Erawan Thai ...
A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Traffic north and south of Auckland has slowed to a crawl, with holiday-makers being advised to delay travelling if possible.The NZ Transport Agency said holiday traffic was causing heavy ...Search for driver after possible hit and run in Taranaki Taranaki police are searching for the driver involved in a suspected hit and run crash that left a woman lying on the road side with severe injuries.The 50-year-old was discovered on the ...Temperatures were above average for most of the country in March, as a predominant north easterly airflow regularly brought air masses down from the tropics.Many areas had less sunshine ...A proposal to impose a levy on purchasing plastic bags to help pay for their disposal and discourage their use will be put to the Palmerston North City Council's planning and policy ...Source: ONE News An elderly person has crashed their vehicle into a building at Mercy Hospital in the Auckland suburb of Epsom. There are no injuries and the crash is described as ...Two men on night fishing trip attacked with axe and robbed Two Korean men on a night fishing trip north of Auckland were attacked with an axe and robbed. The "nasty and unprovoked" assault at Ti Point Wharf in Leigh in the early hours of Wednesday ...Hunters are being urged to give ducks a fighting chance of surviving the annual season which starts in four weeks. As a prelude to limiting semi-automatic and pump-action shotgun fire to a maximum ...Check out our weekly guide of things you can do in Auckland this weekend. From galleries to concerts and markets to museums, there's something for everyone here.WEEKEND 3-6 ...A mischevious rabbit got far further than a hop, skip and jump from home before being reunited with its owners, just in time for Easter.Olaf managed to escape from his Ponsonby garden in ...Jonny Evans is about to make history.The 11-year-old from Kohimarama, Auckland will step out on to Emirates Stadium this Sunday morning (NZ time) alongside some of the greats of ...A century-old villa is being trucked out of Herne Bay and the community is already mourning the loss.Work to remove the landmark villa at 165 Jervois Rd, which was home to the Erawan Thai ...
A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Traffic north and south of Auckland has slowed to a crawl, with holiday-makers being advised to delay travelling if possible.The NZ Transport Agency said holiday traffic was causing heavy ...Search for driver after possible hit and run in Taranaki Taranaki police are searching for the driver involved in a suspected hit and run crash that left a woman lying on the road side with severe injuries.The 50-year-old was discovered on the ...Temperatures were above average for most of the country in March, as a predominant north easterly airflow regularly brought air masses down from the tropics.Many areas had less sunshine ...A proposal to impose a levy on purchasing plastic bags to help pay for their disposal and discourage their use will be put to the Palmerston North City Council's planning and policy ...Source: ONE News An elderly person has crashed their vehicle into a building at Mercy Hospital in the Auckland suburb of Epsom. There are no injuries and the crash is described as ...Two men on night fishing trip attacked with axe and robbed Two Korean men on a night fishing trip north of Auckland were attacked with an axe and robbed. The "nasty and unprovoked" assault at Ti Point Wharf in Leigh in the early hours of Wednesday ...Hunters are being urged to give ducks a fighting chance of surviving the annual season which starts in four weeks. As a prelude to limiting semi-automatic and pump-action shotgun fire to a maximum ...Check out our weekly guide of things you can do in Auckland this weekend. From galleries to concerts and markets to museums, there's something for everyone here.WEEKEND 3-6 ...A mischevious rabbit got far further than a hop, skip and jump from home before being reunited with its owners, just in time for Easter.Olaf managed to escape from his Ponsonby garden in ...Jonny Evans is about to make history.The 11-year-old from Kohimarama, Auckland will step out on to Emirates Stadium this Sunday morning (NZ time) alongside some of the greats of ...A century-old villa is being trucked out of Herne Bay and the community is already mourning the loss.Work to remove the landmark villa at 165 Jervois Rd, which was home to the Erawan Thai ...
A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Traffic north and south of Auckland has slowed to a crawl, with holiday-makers being advised to delay travelling if possible.The NZ Transport Agency said holiday traffic was causing heavy ...Search for driver after possible hit and run in Taranaki Taranaki police are searching for the driver involved in a suspected hit and run crash that left a woman lying on the road side with severe injuries.The 50-year-old was discovered on the ...Temperatures were above average for most of the country in March, as a predominant north easterly airflow regularly brought air masses down from the tropics.Many areas had less sunshine ...A proposal to impose a levy on purchasing plastic bags to help pay for their disposal and discourage their use will be put to the Palmerston North City Council's planning and policy ...Source: ONE News An elderly person has crashed their vehicle into a building at Mercy Hospital in the Auckland suburb of Epsom. There are no injuries and the crash is described as ...Two men on night fishing trip attacked with axe and robbed Two Korean men on a night fishing trip north of Auckland were attacked with an axe and robbed. The "nasty and unprovoked" assault at Ti Point Wharf in Leigh in the early hours of Wednesday ...Hunters are being urged to give ducks a fighting chance of surviving the annual season which starts in four weeks. As a prelude to limiting semi-automatic and pump-action shotgun fire to a maximum ...Check out our weekly guide of things you can do in Auckland this weekend. From galleries to concerts and markets to museums, there's something for everyone here.WEEKEND 3-6 ...A mischevious rabbit got far further than a hop, skip and jump from home before being reunited with its owners, just in time for Easter.Olaf managed to escape from his Ponsonby garden in ...Jonny Evans is about to make history.The 11-year-old from Kohimarama, Auckland will step out on to Emirates Stadium this Sunday morning (NZ time) alongside some of the greats of ...A century-old villa is being trucked out of Herne Bay and the community is already mourning the loss.Work to remove the landmark villa at 165 Jervois Rd, which was home to the Erawan Thai ...
Six people who hid in a supermarket refrigerator during January's Islamist attacks in Paris have sued French media for broadcasting their location live during the siege.Images broadcast from the scene on January 9, when gunman Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket, killing four and taking others hostage, "lacked the most basic precautions" and endangered those still alive inside, said a lawyer representing the group, Patrick Klugman.Mr Klugman singled out French 24-hour news channel BFMTV, which revealed live on air that the group - including a three-year-old child and a one-month-old baby - was hiding from Coulibaly in the cold room, where they were taken by one of the supermarket's employees."The working methods of media in real time in this type of situation were tantamount to goading someone to commit a crime," Mr Klugman told AFP, roundly criticising coverage by other outlets of security forces movements during the standoff.The lives of those hiding "could have been at risk if Coulibaly had been aware in real time what BFMTV was broadcasting," Mr Klugman said, adding that the jihadist was following the coverage of his raid on different channels and had been in contact with BFMTV journalists.The heavily televised events at Hyper Cacher in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. All three gunmen were killed after three days of attacks the killed a total of 17 people and deeply shocked France.The lawsuit charges media outlets with endangering the lives of others by deliberately ignoring security protocols, which carries a maximum penalty of a year in prison and €15,000 fine.
18-foot boat with two men on board overturned as it tried tocross the Manukau bar to re-enter the harbour in the Manukauheads, via the south channel.The occupants of anotherboat saw what had happened, called Police and managed toretrieve one man out of the water, who wasremains missing and Police hold grave fears for hisvessel Deodar have scoured the area over the past few hours,however the gentleman hasn't been l...
RORY McILROY believes it’s unthinkable he won’t win the Masters one day.But the world No.1 won’t pile too much pressure on himself to do it next week as he heads to Augusta on the verge of completing a dream career Grand Slam of all four Majors.At 25, McIlroy would become the second youngest player to join the most elite ranks of golf’s Major legends if he can add a Green Jacket to his existing haul of Open, US Open and US PGA titles.Tiger Woods was a year younger when he achieved a career clean sweep to join Jack Nicklaus, Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan and Gary Player as the only men to hold all four Majors.Now McIlroy admits he can’t contemplate never winning the Master on an Augusta National course set up perfectly for his long straight driving and high ball flight.Ironically, it’s the Major title he could easily have won first rather than waiting for it now to complete his collection, having let victory slip through his fingers on a back-nine blow-up in 2011.Rory McIlroy beams with the US PGA trophyBut McIlroy looks back on that day as the making of him as he used the lesson from that painful experience to learn how to become one of the most formidable frontrunners in the game.McIlroy, speaking to BBC Northern Ireland, said: “For me now it’s a career-long goal to win there to achieve something only a handful of players have achieved.“There’s something special I can achieve going into Augusta this year. You are a complete player if you can win every Major because they are on different golf courses, different tests, different conditions.“Not many guys have done it in history so to put my name there would be awesome. It would just be incredible.“You feel the sense of what can be achieved but I can’t think about that too much.“I just have to think about trying to go out there and playing as best as I can and if I can do that hopefully my scores add up to a shot lower than anyone else’s.”McIlroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances, finishing joint eighth last year despite the embarrassment of being outscored in the third round by his marker – an amateur club member who holds the course record off the members’ tees.But the 25-year-old cannot picture going through his career without slipping on at least one coveted Green Jacket.He added: “During my career, yes it’s unthinkable.“If I don’t win it this year ... either it’s not the right time or it isn’t your time. If I was to look back as a 60-year-old on my career and not have won a Green Jacket I’d be very disappointed.“And not just one. I feel like it’s a course I can do very well at and a golf course I can hopefully win multiple times on.“Getting that first one is extra important and from there we can go on and maybe think about getting some others.”McIlroy held a four-shot lead going into the final round four years ago, only to collapse to a closing 80 and finish 10 shots behind the winner Charl Schwartzel.But he bounced back to win his first Major title by eight shots in the US Open two months later, before adding victories in the 2012 US PGA and both The Open and US PGA last year. He added: “That was the most important day of my career.“If I hadn’t had that whole unravelling and say I just made a couple of bogeys coming down the stretch and lost by one I might not have learned as much.“But for it all to come apart how it did I learned an awful lot.“I learned so much about myself and my game and what I needed to do differently the next time I was in that position.“Luckily it didn’t take me long to get into a position like that again where I was leading a Major and we know how that one played out. I was able to get over the line pretty comfortably.”McIlroy’s extraordinary success last year came despite the distractions of calling off his wedding to Caroline Wozniacki and a legal dispute with his former management company that cost him millions of pounds when it was finally settled in February.And he hopes he can again use the golf course as his “sanctuary” from the pressure and hype surrounding the big event in Augusta. McIlroy said: “The golf course was my sanctuary, it was where I could get away from everything and just not have to think about it for the four or five hours I am out there and it helped. It really did.“I was looking forward to getting to the course and playing and practising and it will be the same at Augusta because there will be so much hype and build-up and talk about what could happen.“I know I won’t be able to wait until Thursday morning or afternoon and just get on the course and play. There’s only so much you can talk about it and then you have to go out and play.”Try our quick sports quiz below:
In one of the most extraordinary finishes in rugby league history, a controversial penalty against Canterbury skipper James Graham has cost the Bulldogs victory against South Sydney on Good Friday.A furious Graham was fuming with the match officials after they penalised the Englishman for attacking the legs of Adam Reynolds, who was trying to land a 45 metre field goal in the dying minutes to take the game into golden point.Reynolds suffered a leg injury in the collision, and if it wasn't for the concern shown by Graham for the Rabbitohs No.7, the officials might not have called time out for video referee Bernard Sutton to inspect.The result was a penalty for the Rabbitohs 10 metres out in front of the posts and an 18-17 victory, not before David Klemmer was sent to the sin bin for saying "you're f---ed, you're off your face", as a number of the Canterbury players unloaded verbal tirades on the referees.In an ugly look for the game, the referees were rushed off the field at full-time as Canterbury fans threw bottles in the direction of the officials, one of which was floored trying to avoid a flying bottle.It was brutal and gutsy, but perhaps undeserved was the best adjective to describe South Sydney's come-from-behind victory in the grand final rematch against Canterbury.The kings of clutch looked to have done it again when Trent Hodkinson slotted a field goal with three minutes remaining, only for controversy to overshadow one of the games of the season.Earlier, it was an old-fashioned ambush, and for a change it wasn't the premiers dishing it out.The Bulldogs produced a brutal and relentless onslaught on their arch nemesis, stunning the Rabbitohs with a type of performance that has become synonymous with South Sydney under the Michael Maguire regime.Sam Burgess' final game of rugby league was on the same ground against the same team almost six months ago to the day.But it wasn't until the grand final rematch, five games into the new season, that his value was truly highlighted.When the Canterbury big men were dictating terms and rolling through the middle of the field with ease, the Rabbitohs forwards were looking around for an answer.For several years, that answer was Sam Burgess.But without the Englishman, and with skipper John Sutton on the sidelines through injury, someone had to stand up.The authority and muscle they relied on to end a 15,724-day premiership drought was nowhere to be seen trailing 10-0 after 15 minutes.Then an error and a brain explosion from Canterbury in the space of 30 seconds turned the game, and Issac Luke, on its head.Luke, who missed last year's grand final through suspension, ignited his team into action on the stroke of half time, darting from dummy half to score.But the moments leading up to the Rabbitohs rake planting the ball on the chalk would leave Luke in Disneyland, Josh Morris on report and Adam Reynolds shooting consecutive shots at goal.The video referee deemed Josh Morris had lashed out with the boot, making contact with Luke's head - not that his skipper agreed."Can you look at the speed we're playing the game at?," an angry James Graham said to referee Gerard Sutton. "How's he supposed to pull out of it?"Prop Sam Kasiano, who made the initial error that gifted Rabbitohs field possession leading up to the try, may also find himself in hot water after leading with his knees and making contact with the head of Luke, who played no further part in the match.The Rabbitohs would also lost Glenn Stewart to concussion mid-way through the second half, but the reshuffle would see a limping Greg Inglis move to five-eighth and Alex Johnston to his preferred fullback position.The positional change seemed to click the Rabbitohs into action, coming from behind to claim victory in front of 40,523 at ANZ Stadium.
Perrie Edwards and Zayn Malik seem determined to show the world they are not to follow the same pattern as One Direction, that is most definitely not heading for splitsville.The pretty 21-year-old posted a loved up snap of the pair posing together arm in arm in the sunshine, with Perrie sticking out her tongue and placing her hand protectively on the former One Directioners’ thigh.Determined to prove their critics wrong that their relationship could be taking a tumble, Perrie tweeted on Friday: ‘LOVE IS IN THE AIR’.The couple are thought to be in Perugia, Italy to escape the UK following the gigantic news that Zayn chose to quit One Direction last week in a bid to have a more ‘normal’ life.Zayn’s mother and two sisters have joined the pretty pair on the trip, which has sparked rumours that their engagement might soon evolve into a Zerrie wedding.Perrie looked the picture of happiness on their sunshine break, posting snaps of the pair kissing, silencing the rumours that they are hitting a rocky patch.Since officially leaving the band last Wednesday Zayn has come under fire from fans after allegedly ‘cheating’ on Perrie in Thailand with a fan, as well as being very quick to get into the recording studio with producer and singer Naughty Boy.Although the Little Mixer seemed not to be letting any of the negative press get to her, as she focused on the warm weather and spending time with her beau, tweeting defiantly on Thursday: ‘Sunny weather should make everyone happy.. right guys’.MORE: Zayn Malik loses 50,000 Twitter follows in wake of One Direction departure – but don’t worry, he’s still popularMORE: Did Louis Tomlinson just deny reports Zayn Malik and Naughty Boy’s song was a One Direction reject?
Melbourne Victory facing off against Melbourne City in an A-League grand final blockbuster. Imagine the interest. You wouldn't be able to get a ticket for love or money as two teams from the same city meet for the first time in an A-League championship decider.Well, you might actually, as, in a worst-case scenario, the game might have to be played at Sydney's Olympic Stadium at Homebush or Allianz Stadium at Moore Park, or maybe at the Adelaide Oval or even Suncorp Stadium in BrisbaneWhy, you might ask, would this happen? Surely there are wonderful stadiums in Melbourne, the self-proclaimed sporting capital of the world, for this showpiece game to take place if a Victorian side qualified to host the title decider.Of course there are. But, thanks to the decision by the AFL to fixture one of its lower-profile home-and-away games at Etihad Stadium on Sunday, May 17, the date of the A-League grand final, no venue is available.With all due respect to the Western Bulldogs (a footy team I have supported for the past 18 years) and Fremantle, the Dogs v Dockers clash is one of the more nondescript on the calendar. The Dogs do not have the largest following in Victoria, while Freo does not exactly pull a vast number of travelling fans either.So why not shift the game that day to Geelong's Simonds Stadium — which, it is understood, is willing to host the match — and allow 55,000-odd Victorian soccer fans to cram into Etihad and savour a grand final that, if it came to pass, would surely be one of the more memorable in the competition's 10-year history?Talks are taking place for such a contingency, but, six weeks out from the conclusion of the 2014-15 A-League season no agreement has been reached. Discussions over financial compensation for the AFL are still a sticking point, it is believed.The FFA's concerns over an appropriate venue to host an A-League championship decider in Melbourne are very real although the possibility remains, as yet, hypothetical.While the chances of Victory facing City in a title decider are slim — Victory are the $3.50 favourites for the championship with Sportsbet, City are priced at $11 to win it — they are not impossible either.Victory play Wellington in New Zealand on Sunday. A win there would put them top of the table and make them an even shorter favourite to take the Premiership Plate and put them in pole position to host the grand final irrespective of what City do.Given that if they make it into the finals they are likely to finish sixth (or perhaps fifth if Perth Glory end up with a significant points deduction if they are convicted of salary cap breaches) City could not host the play-off however well they fared in the finals race.Why, you might ask, would the FFA not play the grand final at AAMI Park if Victory eventually qualify to host it by topping the table and winning their semi-final?It's a purpose-built rectangular stadium, designed specifically for soccer and the rugby codes. It is Victory's home and consistently generates a tremendous atmosphere.All good points and from a sporting point of view — giving the right team the chance to host the grand final — there is a strong case for AAMI.But for the FFA the grand final is a showpiece game. Historically it has always pulled big crowds, selling out the 52,500 Suncorp when Brisbane Roar have hosted several recent championship deciders.It is the code's marquee occasion, and for the FFA a major revenue source. It is on the way to becoming one of the big days on the sporting landscape - and will generate even more traction when the game's governing body fix it for the same date every year, as it plans to. The reality is that AAMI Park's capacity of about 30,000 is simply not sufficient for a match of the grand final's magnitude.What's all that to do with the AFL you night ask? Certainly dyed-in-the-wool footy fans and the game's administrators who see the rise of soccer as a major threat will not feel as if they owe a rival code any favours.They will argue that they are entitled to use Etihad Stadium as they please. They are its major tenants and should be entitled to run their competition as they see fit.All true, all valid. But at what cost? It won't matter to the traditionalists and one-eyed in the footy community, but if Victory qualify to host a grand final in their home city and are forced to move it interstate then there will be a significant PR and reputational impact on the AFL.A large number of Victory's 27,000-odd members are also footy fans and members at an AFL club, not to mention the casual supporters who buy tickets on the day and also go along to the AFL in winter.How many of them are likely to continue their footy affiliation if they are forced to spend hundreds or thousands of dollars travelling interstate to watch a grand final they should be seeing in their home town?Imagine if Victory qualified to host the match against Sydney, Wellington or Adelaide and the game had to be shifted to Homebush, Westpac Stadium or the Adelaide Oval, a move that gave the opposition a huge advantage and ultimately proved crucial in determining the result.All hypothetical at this stage, of course. But it could become a reality. If it does there will be plenty of explaining to do.
Floyd Mayweather's blockbuster May 2 bout with Manny Pacquiao will help make the American fighter's 2015 earnings shatter the all-time record for a sportsman's annual pay, Forbes.com calculated on Thursday.Forbes noted that Mayweather will likely to earn at least $150 million and Pacquiao more than $100 million for the welterweight world title showdown in Las Vegas.The financial news website said payouts could be higher still if more than three million pay-per-views are sold.Mayweather's haul would represent the highest yearly earnings ever by an athlete, surpassing Tiger Woods' inflation-adjusted record of $125 million in 2008, Forbes said.Woods currently occupies both first and second place on Forbes' list of all-time highest paid athletes in a given year, adjusted for inflation, his adjusted earnings of $120 million in 2009 number two on the list.NBA legend Michael Jordan is next, with inflation-adjusted earnings of $115 million in both 1997 and 1998. Woods' $113 million in 2007 and 2010 are next.The highest boxer on the list is former heavyweight world champion Mike Tyson, with inflation adjusted earnings of $112 million in 1996.Forbes said its figures were the result of 25 years of tracking athletes' earnings.Pacquiao promoter Bob Arum has predicted that record-shattering revenue totals for the May 2 mega-fight could surpass $400 million.That includes $74 million from just over 15,000 tickets at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.The foreign rights to the fight sold for a record $35 million, according to Arum.The record for pay-per-view receipts is the $152 million set by Mayweather's 2013 bout with Saul 'Canelo" Alvarez.Mayweather-Pacquiao, a fight more than five years in the making between the men considered the best pound-for-pound fighters of their generation, is expected to "crush" both pay-per-view numbers, Forbes noted.The Wall Street Journal reported this week that the pay-per-view price for the fight will be a record $99 for the high definition feed, with a standard definition version costing a slightly cheaper $89.
This week local Minister, Charlie Flanagan TD, launched the Asia Trade Forum programme for 2015. The launch took place at ESB International in Dublin.During the event Minister Flanagan was shown a presentation on the wide range of international markets that ESB provides services in overseas, especially in Africa and Asia. In his remarks Minister FLanagan referred to the close relationship between Laois-Offaly and the ESB.He told the audience of over 70 business leaders that Laois-Offaly had proven an excellent location for the ESB providing a loyal and skilful workforce.Referring to his Departments’s work in nine Asia countries, he pointed to the opportunities for businesses and farmers that expanding Asian markets are providing, particularly China which recently opened its market to Irish beef and which is a huge consumer of Irish dairy products. Irish trade with Asia-Pacific was worth €6 billion last year.
Inspired by the classic story of Hansel and Gretel, Forfar Academy captured the audience instantly with their expressive performance ‘A Twisted Tale…’The choreography itself was executed at all times with conviction and passion whilst the production elements worked simultaneously to ensure the clarity of the narrative.Their performance picked up 10 awards, including the Angus Council Award of Excellence for Choreography; Angus Council Award of Excellence for Performance Skill and the Perth and Kinross Council Award of Excellence for Stage Use.The event, held at The Caird Hall, attracted a large audience and was supported by Angus Council, Perth and Kinross Council and Police Scotland.Rock Challenge is an annual tour de force in the Forfar Academy calendar which sees a cast and crew of over 70 come together to pull off a creative and skilled performance. The pupils take a leading role in the full-scale production, including choreography, costume and make-up design and set design and construction.
Skipper Brendon McCullum has been declared as the winner of the Sir Richard Hadlee medal, while compatriot Kane Williamson bagged the awards for Best Batsman and Player of the Year across all three ...Australia coach Darren Lehmann has come to the defence of Brad Haddin, stating that the team is proud of its aggressive tactic employed during their World Cup win over New Zealand. Haddin has been ...Emotional Martin Crowe says incredible Kiwis have come of age with stellar WC campaign Legendary New Zealand cricketer Martin Crowe believes that his country's new crop of cricketers have matured significantly, which resulted in them reaching the World Cup final for the first time in ...Attacked with axe and robbed while out fishing Two Korean men have been attacked with an axe while they were fishing in Auckland. ?The pair was fishing at Ti Point in Leigh, Rodney, in the early hours of Wednesday morning when they ...An elderly man is still missing after a boat capsized on Auckland's Manukau Harbour and police hold "grave fears" for his safety.Police are continuing to search for the ...An elderly man who went missing from the Auckland suburb of Howick has been found.Huang Dai went missing from his Udall Place home on Thursday.He was found at 4.30pm on Friday in Bucklands ...Two escape with minor injuries in Otago plane crash Two people escaped with only minor injuries after their plane crashed on Tomohawk Beach near Dunedin.The small plane crashed at about 5pm on Friday.Police attended the scene and the Civil ...For a second time in four months, Hunter Valley Station owners Taff and Penny Cochrane have said they will close Mead Rd to vehicles.The action means people wanting access to Department of ...A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The Wrath Of Robyn upsets favourites in Championship at Forbury Park The Wrath Of Robyn with driver Craig Ferguson and owner-trainer Trevor Cross after winning the $25,000 Four and Five-Year-Old Championship at Forbury Park on Thursday night. ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Five people have been arrested and charged with various offences following a burglary at the Riverton Racecourse in the early hours of yesterday morning .Senior Constable Kelvin Templeton, ...Robert White and his daughter Nicole who will be navigating for her first time at round 5 of the PSP Sprint Championship in Wanaka in their Jet Sprint boat Whiplash. ...
Skipper Brendon McCullum has been declared as the winner of the Sir Richard Hadlee medal, while compatriot Kane Williamson bagged the awards for Best Batsman and Player of the Year across all three ...Australia coach Darren Lehmann has come to the defence of Brad Haddin, stating that the team is proud of its aggressive tactic employed during their World Cup win over New Zealand. Haddin has been ...Emotional Martin Crowe says incredible Kiwis have come of age with stellar WC campaign Legendary New Zealand cricketer Martin Crowe believes that his country's new crop of cricketers have matured significantly, which resulted in them reaching the World Cup final for the first time in ...Attacked with axe and robbed while out fishing Two Korean men have been attacked with an axe while they were fishing in Auckland. ?The pair was fishing at Ti Point in Leigh, Rodney, in the early hours of Wednesday morning when they ...An elderly man is still missing after a boat capsized on Auckland's Manukau Harbour and police hold "grave fears" for his safety.Police are continuing to search for the ...An elderly man who went missing from the Auckland suburb of Howick has been found.Huang Dai went missing from his Udall Place home on Thursday.He was found at 4.30pm on Friday in Bucklands ...Two escape with minor injuries in Otago plane crash Two people escaped with only minor injuries after their plane crashed on Tomohawk Beach near Dunedin.The small plane crashed at about 5pm on Friday.Police attended the scene and the Civil ...For a second time in four months, Hunter Valley Station owners Taff and Penny Cochrane have said they will close Mead Rd to vehicles.The action means people wanting access to Department of ...A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The Wrath Of Robyn upsets favourites in Championship at Forbury Park The Wrath Of Robyn with driver Craig Ferguson and owner-trainer Trevor Cross after winning the $25,000 Four and Five-Year-Old Championship at Forbury Park on Thursday night. ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Five people have been arrested and charged with various offences following a burglary at the Riverton Racecourse in the early hours of yesterday morning .Senior Constable Kelvin Templeton, ...Robert White and his daughter Nicole who will be navigating for her first time at round 5 of the PSP Sprint Championship in Wanaka in their Jet Sprint boat Whiplash. ...
Skipper Brendon McCullum has been declared as the winner of the Sir Richard Hadlee medal, while compatriot Kane Williamson bagged the awards for Best Batsman and Player of the Year across all three ...Australia coach Darren Lehmann has come to the defence of Brad Haddin, stating that the team is proud of its aggressive tactic employed during their World Cup win over New Zealand. Haddin has been ...Emotional Martin Crowe says incredible Kiwis have come of age with stellar WC campaign Legendary New Zealand cricketer Martin Crowe believes that his country's new crop of cricketers have matured significantly, which resulted in them reaching the World Cup final for the first time in ...Attacked with axe and robbed while out fishing Two Korean men have been attacked with an axe while they were fishing in Auckland. ?The pair was fishing at Ti Point in Leigh, Rodney, in the early hours of Wednesday morning when they ...An elderly man is still missing after a boat capsized on Auckland's Manukau Harbour and police hold "grave fears" for his safety.Police are continuing to search for the ...An elderly man who went missing from the Auckland suburb of Howick has been found.Huang Dai went missing from his Udall Place home on Thursday.He was found at 4.30pm on Friday in Bucklands ...Two escape with minor injuries in Otago plane crash Two people escaped with only minor injuries after their plane crashed on Tomohawk Beach near Dunedin.The small plane crashed at about 5pm on Friday.Police attended the scene and the Civil ...For a second time in four months, Hunter Valley Station owners Taff and Penny Cochrane have said they will close Mead Rd to vehicles.The action means people wanting access to Department of ...A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The Wrath Of Robyn upsets favourites in Championship at Forbury Park The Wrath Of Robyn with driver Craig Ferguson and owner-trainer Trevor Cross after winning the $25,000 Four and Five-Year-Old Championship at Forbury Park on Thursday night. ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Five people have been arrested and charged with various offences following a burglary at the Riverton Racecourse in the early hours of yesterday morning .Senior Constable Kelvin Templeton, ...Robert White and his daughter Nicole who will be navigating for her first time at round 5 of the PSP Sprint Championship in Wanaka in their Jet Sprint boat Whiplash. ...
Loss: The seven-year-old died after she was thrown from her horse. File pictureA seven-year-old British girl died after being thrown from her horse on a riding trip on holiday in India as her horrified father looked on.India Mayhew was out riding in Matheran, 20 miles east of Mumbai, with her father Gavin, her mother, brother, and two sisters when tragedy struck.According to a witness, she was just metres ahead of her father and a riding instructor when the accident happened.She was rushed to hospital and declared dead on arrival.Rajwardhan Khebude, police sub-inspector at Matheran police station, told the Times of India: "'In his statement, Gavin said he was just behind his daughter and saw the entire incident."He said the horse suddenly went out of control and dragged her up to some distance, because of which she suffered serious injuries and died.Trip: The family were out riding at a facility near Mumbai, India. File picture"We spoke to the Mayhews at length and asked them if they feel there was any negligence by the horse rider leading to their daughter’s death."The family had no such complaint and they did not want to register any complaint."Khebude added that the family has already left for their hometown in Sussex with their daughter’s body.The forensic expert who conducted her post-mortem on Wednesday, the day after the accident, said: "She died due to a head injury. During the post-mortem, we also found other physical injuries on several parts of her body."A spokesperson for the British Deputy High Commission in Mumbai confirmed India's death, adding: 'We are providing consular assistance to the family at this difficult time.'
"You know what they say," Tony Soprano once told his therapist. "Revenge is like serving cold cuts."Any link between rugby league and the mob boss of the hit American television drama The Sopranos is tenuous at best.Yet the angry way South Sydney and the Bulldogs ripped into each other in the Good Friday drizzle at ANZ Stadium left you thinking they'd taken a contract out on each other.With two minutes to go, the Bulldogs appeared certain to be serving up the cold cuts to the Rabbitohs. It would have been mild revenge for last year's grand final defeat at the calculated hands of the same team.Like any good mafiaoso plotline, the full story wasn't revealed until the very end, from a 45-metre penalty goal from Adam Reynolds to get the premiers back into the match, to Trent Hodkinson's clutch field goal to regain the lead, to referee Gerrard Sutton awarding the penalty in front of the sticks with a minute to go after Bulldogs captain James Graham had attacked Reynolds' legs while attemping a field goal.As Sutton left the field, Bulldogs fans pelted him and other match officials with bottles of Coke and water. One was taken to hospital. Brawls sparked outside the ground. It was like we were back in the 1980s. It's not good enough.Afterwards, head of football Todd Greenberg hinted strongly enough that referees deserve respect, and that the lack of respect shown towards them from the Bulldogs, his former club, was to in no small part to blame for the behaviour of the club's fans.Greenberg is essentially on a collision coach with Des Hasler, who he lured to Manly two years ago. Easter will now be a rugby league melodrama.Should it have been a penalty?Kickers in general play need to be protected from rugby league hitmen. Reynolds will miss the rest of the season, or at least four months of it, because of injury.Graham didn't have that in mind when he was trying to smother his field goal attempt. It was purely accidental. What was Graham's alternative? To stand back as Reynolds locked up the scores?This match should not have swung on a refereeing decision. Unfortunately, the game of the season has. Let the executions begin.Until then, the most gruesome whacking happened just before half-time, when Bulldogs forward Sam Kasiano and centre Josh Morris kicked out at Souths hooker Issac Luke. Souths were awarded an eight-point try, Luke didn't return in the second half, and in the end the Bulldogs appeared certain to roll the premiers for the second time in as many weeks.The Rabbitohs celebrated their premiership as hard as any previous winner. One player went so hard he failed to make it onto the open top bus that snaked its way through the streets of Sydney in celebration two days after the win. He was later found asleep in the dressing room at Redfern Oval. But their resolve in the early parts of their premiership defence has impressed. Without Luke and then Glenn Stewart for most of the second half, they refused to yield.Revenge is also something they are thinking up north, as Origin nears and Queensland begin to plot. Despite holding the shield, the make-up of the Blues back line remains typically uncertain.NSW coach Laurie Daley has boldly showed his selection hand already. He's narrowed his fullbacks down to Brett Stewart, Josh Dugan and Matt Moylan.No Brett Morris? Late in the first half, he revealed his value when Alex Johnston chipped over his head but Morris had enough pace and experience to snuff out any chance of a try. Of greater interest – as always – is who will play in the halves. Daley has declared he prefers club combos. Mitchell Pearce at the Roosters is firing ... but Daley could be wary of teammate James Maloney's defence.Adam Reynolds is now out of the running. You may as well run a line through Luke Keary, too, despite his gallant second-half effort.Daley has already declared incumbents Josh Reynolds and Hodkinson deserve first crack for the series opener at ANZ Stadium on May 27. Neither of them produced dazzling attack in Origin last year, but they are built for it because of their toughness.Reynolds has come back from a broken arm after three weeks. He reverted immediately to type when he came on with 10 minutes to go in the first half: he made a break downfield, ducking and weaving under outstretched arms, and then got in a fight with Glenn Stewart.Hodkinson has less shine than Reynolds, but is equally effective. His positioning for the field goal was all class.It should've won his side the game. Instead, they'll have to serve their cold cuts later in the season.
For the third consecutive year, Francis did not hold the traditional service in a basilica, going instead to people on the margins of society and including women.His predecessors had only included men in the service, which commemorates Jesus' gesture of humility towards his apostles on the night before he died.Before Francis, it had always been held in either the Vatican or the Basilica of St. John Lateran. But Francis, continuing a tradition he started when he was archbishop of Buenos Aires, holds it in poorer Rome neighbourhoods with ordinary people.He knelt before the six male and six female inmates, poured water over each prisoner's right foot, dried it with a cloth and kissed it. One of the inmates, an African woman with tears in her eyes, held her child on her lap and the pope washed the child's foot.Francis' decision to include women and sometimes non-Christians - a Muslim woman was in the group two years ago at a juvenile prison - has upset conservative Catholics.In his homily in the chapel of Rebibbia prison on Rome's bleak outskirts, the pope told the inmates that since slaves washed the feet of their masters in Biblical times, the event symbolised service to others and spiritual cleansing.He told them that he too needed personal cleansing and wanted "to become more of a slave in the service of people".One of the altar servers at the Mass was a man convicted of multiple homicides, according to the official television of Italy's Catholic bishops, SAT 2000.The 12 inmates selected to represent the 2,100 prisoners were from Italy, Nigeria, Congo, Ecuador and Brazil.The four-day period that started on Thursday is the busiest in the liturgical calendar for the leader of the world's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics.On Thursday morning, he celebrated a Mass in St. Peter's Basilica to bless oils used in Church sacraments.He presides at two Good Friday services, including a Via Crucis (Way of the Cross) procession around the Colosseum.After celebrating Easter Eve and Easter Day Masses, he delivers his twice-yearly "Urbi et Orbi" (to the city and the world) message on Sunday.
Manchester City midfielder, Frank Lampard, has said he would like to see a gay player come out soon and be treated with respect.The former England international, was speaking on Channel 4’s Chatty Man, when the host – Alan Carr, who is openly gay – insisted that some footballers in England were homosexual.“We have had a couple come out afterwards,” Lampard admitted. “I think it is a fact they will be out there, they are in all lives and times, but we are at fault as a sport. It is that old syndrome where it is a man’s game and you can’t talk about that.“I have to say the game is changing a lot, there are a lot of campaigns and I feel it in the dressing rooms. I would love it if someone came out and everyone treated it with respect.“This silly thing that we are macho and we play football is very old hat.”The 36-year-old also stated that he will always see himself as a “Chelsea boy”, because of the hugely successful time he spent at Stamford Bridge.On Fri, Apr 3, 2015 at 8:22 AM, Ifreke Inyang <ifreke.inyang@dailypost.ng> wrote: Lampard hoping to see a gay footballer come out Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard, has said he would like to see a gay player come out soon and be treated with respect.The former England international, was speaking on Channel 4’s Chatty Man, when the host – Alan Carr, who is openly gay – insisted that some footballers in England were homosexual.“We have had a couple come out afterwards,” Lampard admitted. “I think it is a fact they will be out there, they are in all lives and times, but we are at fault as a sport. It is that old syndrome where it is a man’s game and you can’t talk about that.“I have to say the game is changing a lot, there are a lot of campaigns and I feel it in the dressing rooms. I would love it if someone came out and everyone treated it with respect.“This silly thing that we are macho and we play football is very old hat.”The 36-year-old also stated that he will always see himself as a “Chelsea boy”, because of the hugely successful time he spent at Stamford Bridge.
Seven party leaders clashed in the first TV general election debate and snap polls have given a mixed verdict on the winner.If you missed the Conservatives, Labour, Lib Dems, SNP, UKIP, Plaid Cymru and the Greens disagree over immigration, the NHS and spending cuts - here is a 60-second round-up.
LOCALS might call it Hell’s Hole, due to its history and legend, but by the time volunteers have finished tidying it up, it will be more like the vision of Helge’s Hole envisaged by the late Donnie Williamson, complete with benches and signage.A four-stage plan has been created by the Rotary Club of Forres to turn the beauty spot at Cluny Hill into an outdoor classroom type of venue where children can take part in schemes such as the John Muir Award; Brownies and Scouts can learn about the local environment, or locals can enjoy a walk.Volunteers began clearing the area of overgrown shrubs and fallen trees last weekend, and have plans to do even more.Rotarian Sheena MacGillivray explained that they had made a good start, but the long-term plan is to re-establish the beauty spot with seats for walkers to rest and enjoy the view.“Thanks to everyone who helped, we were able to clear the paths to make through access easier,” she said. “We now plan to work on the area regularly.”She said that volunteers are welcome to go along on the first Saturday of every month to press ahead with phase one of what will be a four-year project.The next work party will be on Saturday, April 4 from 9-11am, when local tree specialist Stan Thomson will provide advice on what needs to be done with fallen trees.“If you have a spare couple of hours that day, please come along,” added Sheena.Phase one involves clearing paths, removing fallen branches and trees and repainting or renewing signage. Rotarians hope that by the autumn, phase two should be complete – involving the removal of bracken and deadwood, and thinning. The creation of a picnic area is scheduled for next year, with benches and bins.The long-term plan between now and 2017-18 is to install new signage and interpretation boards about what trees and plants are to be found in the area and encourage more local groups to use it.
The maximum for a speech is going down from five minutes to three, sparking claims that the ruling Labour group is ‘butchering’ democracy.It’s one of several changes voted through at a full council meeting after a task group reviewed the authority’s standing orders.Another change means deputations will no longer be allowed to address council meetings, apart from the planning committee. And councillors are being restricted to two written questions at the full council meeting.Mossend and Holytown councillor David Baird, a member of the SNP group said: “These proposals are designed to hand more power to the Labour group. They make it harder for opposition councillors to hold the ruling group to account”Councillor Tom Johnston, deputy SNP group leader, added: “Labour have gradually butchered democracy in the council as they saw the SNP group growing steadily in size at each election.“The full council now meets only four times a year, plus a budget meeting. In effect, it meets for about 16 hours maximum each year. It’s ridiculous to call this local democracy.”However, Councillor Tom Curley, who chaired the task group, defended the changes.He said: “Very few councillors go over three minutes anyway. If you can’t make a point in that time you shouldn’t be making it at all. As for deputations, having people come to speak at council meetings isn’t the right way to do it.“During the furore over the proposed Our Lady’s-Taylor schools merger, people protested to their councillors at surgeries and their views were taken on board. That’s what councillors are there for.”
Jacqueline Johnston (52) appeared at Falkirk Sheriff Court last Thursday after being found guilty on indictment for being concerned in the supply of class B amphetamine and a class C substance.It followed a swoop on her Bo’ness home on December 6, 2012, when £3600 worth of drugs were recovered.Johnston had previously held a senior position with Signpost Recovery, a Forth Valley service for those coping with substance abuse.Inspector Christopher Stewart said: “This was a significant recovery in the Central Scotland area and we welcome the sentencing of Jacqueline Johnston.“Tackling serious and organised crime is a top priority for Police Scotland.“We will not tolerate this type of criminality and will continue to pursue those involved with all the resources at our disposal.”Johnston’s conviction followed a three-week trial where she denied the charges against her.She was found guilty of being concerned in the supply of amphetamine on December 6, 2012, and, between May 28 and December 6, 2012, of being concerned in the supply of class C phenazepam at 32 Baptie Place, Bo’ness.Murray Aitken, defending, said: “The impact of this conviction is significant for her. She has had quite a spectacular fall from grace.“She is well known in Bo’ness and her standing in that community has been ruined.”Sheriff Kenneth McGowan said: “You have been convicted on indictment of two serious charges. Only a custodial sentence is appropriate.”As Johnston, 44 Jessfield Place, Bo’ness, was sentenced, there was loud gasps and crying from the public gallery.Johnston’s solicitors this week confirmed she intended to appeal her conviction.
IF you've ever been tempted to poke a three-metre-long adult anaconda with a stick, then after watching the above video, we think it's probably for the best you pack that dream up and file it away under 'not your smartest moment'.Most of you wouldn't even dream of disturbing a wild snake in its habitat, but this man traded in all his common sense for gusto and went ahead with the ridiculous stick-poking.What could go wrong ?Leaning towards the water, the man nervously skims the water with the end of his stick.So far so good..But when there doesn't appear to be much movement in the reeds by the riverbank, the man gets a little more brave.He begins poking the stick deeper into the water - and it doesn't take a genius to realise this is his big mistake.In a split second the huge snake comes leaping from the river bed with its jaws wide open ready to bite.The man leaps backwards yelling: "Oh s***!" as the anaconda springs towards his legs.Thankfully, after steadying himself on the bank, the man appears to be laughing and seems to have got away from the snake unscathed.The heart-stopping clip has been shared online more than 10,600 times.
Former Rangers player Fernando Ricksen at the Sunshack in Hamilton with staff, where he gave a donation to the Do It For Dylan Bittles charity fundA Rangers legend is helping to ‘Do it for Dylan’ after backing a campaign to give a Larkhall lad the chance to take his first steps.Fernando Ricksen has helped smash the £20,000 mark as the family of Dylan Bittles (3) look to take him to the USA for life-changing treatment.Mum Donna Bittles (25) revealed the former Ibrox star donated to Dylan’s cause, after noticing the ‘Do It For Dylan’ charity box at Sunshack in Hamilton.While staff at the tanning salon offered Ricksen free treatments, he declined and gave all the money he would have paid for the tan to Dylan’s charity.Dylan needs £60,000 so he can travel to the USA for life-changing surgery before the end of the year that could lead to him walking.He suffers from quadriplegia cerebral palsy, meaning he is in a wheelchair with limited movement and has very little independence.Before our story last month, around £1000 had been raised for Dylan. Now, readers as well as Dylan’s family and friends have rallied behind the Larkhall youngster.Over £18,000 has been raised through the Just Giving page.However, with some donations going directly into a bank account that is set up for Dylan through charity Tree of Hope, mum Donna expects the total to be well over £20,000 at this stage.Last Sunday also saw a huge total raised following a sponsored walk around Strathclyde Park, collecting £4000 as Dylan led friends and family in a walk over two miles.Donna has thanked the public for their support so far and hoped to keep going full steam ahead with fundraising.She said: “It’s been crazy, the phone has just been going constantly. It’s not just been friends and family but complete strangers getting in touch, trying to find out how they can get involved.“The Fernando Ricksen donation was a strange one but it’s really thanks to the girls at Sunshack for getting Dylan’s box noticed on the first day it was out.“Dylan likes Rangers and Chelsea, so I know he will appreciate that, though unfortunately Fernando Ricksen may be a bit before his time.“The walk around Strathclyde Park will hopefully mark the beginning of even more big things for us.”Dylan is booked in for surgery known as selective dorsal rhizotomy at the St Louis Children’s Hospital in Missouri.The procedure and the equipment will cost around £30,000, with flights and accommodation set to cost £10,000 for the six weeks they will spend in Missouri.The rest of the money will be spent on aftercare in Scotland, with private doctors required for Dylan following the surgery.Donations can be made at www.treeofhope.org.uk/get-him-there or www.justgiving.com/dylanbittles, and more information can be found at the ‘Dylan’s Fundraiser’ Facebook page.Read more stories from the Hamilton Advertiser . Like our Facebook Page .
Three men have been detained after a taxi driver was robbed at knifepoint.The driver picked the men up in the city centre and took them to Moat Terrace in the Slateford area of the city at 4.45am on Friday.When they arrived, the men pulled out a knife and demanded he had over money.The three men then ran off into a building and the emergency services were called.The men had barricaded themselves into a building and were detained after negotiators were brought in.A Police Scotland spokeswoman: "Police in Edinburgh were called to Moat Terrace at around 4.45am this morning following the assault and robbery of a taxi driver who had picked up a fare from the city centre."He was presented with a knife when he dropped his fare at Moat Terrace."Following negotiations, three men were detained at the scene and police are continuing to carry out enquiries to establish the circumstances."Witnesses said there were around ten police cars and two ambulances on the scene.Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.Join in: For debate, chat, comment and more, join our communities on the STV News Facebook page or follow @STVNews on Twitter.Updates: Would you like STV’s latest news update in your inbox every morning? Choose from our range of regular e-newsletters here
Andrew Dunn in a still from the York i-Travel campaign videoA NEW campaign has been launched to promote cycling, car sharing, walking and travelling on public transport in and around York.City of York Council’s i-Travel York video campaign features York actor Andrew Dunn, who is known for his roles in Coronation Street and Victoria Wood’s Dinnerladies, and has been written by BAFTA award-winning scriptwriter Jimmy Richards, who is also from the city.A teaser trailer launches the first in a series of light-hearted videos which will be released throughout the year.The first short video focuses on cycling in and around York and is timed to coincide with the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire, stage two of which will finish in York on May 2.In the teaser trailer, however, the character of Greg, played by Andrew, is seen cycling up a steep cobbled street in Haworth, which is also on the route of the Tour.During the clip, which recreates the famous Hovis advert and features the York Railway Institute Brass Band playing Dvorak’s New World Symphony, viewers see Greg’s bike suddenly get a flat tyre.David Short, i-Travel York programme manager, said: “We know that even more residents than ever are reconsidering their travel options.“In fact, feedback from our recent door-to-door exercise in the north of the city found that 24 per cent of participants overall said they are now using their car less and that the sole reason they reduced their car use and considered modes of transport was because of the i-Travel York programme.“We also know from cycle counters across the city that cycle journeys have increased by 35 per cent between 2008 and 2014.“We’re delighted to have Andrew fronting the campaign and hope this will encourage even more residents to consider sustainable modes of transport.”Mr Dunn, said: “As a York resident, I know it’s not always easy travelling around the city so anything which helps get the message out there that there’s support for people to try cycling or catching the bus more, I’m happy to be a part of. “Like a lot of the characters I play, it’s done in a very lighthearted way and it’s been a great project to be a part of.”To view the trailer go to itravelyork.info
A POPULAR father was driving his sister’s BMW when it overturned and landed in a ditch, an inquest has heard.Lee Lyons, 27, died on Sunday when he lost control of the vehicle in Towthorpe Moor Lane, Strensall, York, at 9.20pm, as he returned home.The dad-of-one, a driver for H Hall, in Brandsby, was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics.Jonathan Leach, York’s acting senior coroner, said: “On the evening of March 29. he was returning home at about 9pm and was driving his sister’s BMW on Towthorpe Moor Lane.“For some unknown reason, he lost control of the car which overturned and ended up on its roof in a ditch.”Tributes have poured in for Mr Lyons, of Chaucer Avenue, off Chatsworth Avenue, Strensall, since his death. He was a member of Strensall FC for ten years and was hailed a hero in 2009 when he helped rescue a woman from her burning home. North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident to contact them.Anyone who can help should phone North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for Traffic Constable Ian McKenzie - or Tadcaster Roads Policing Group.Alternatively, information can be emailed to ian.mckenzie@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk quote reference number 12150051277.
A mole inside the racist group helps several law enforcement agencies bust a conspiracy to kill a black inmate after his release.Three current and former prison guards arrested in Florida on Thursday were also members of the Ku Klux Klan and allegedly used Klan meetings to plan the murder of a black inmate after his release.Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, and David Elliot Moran, 47, were working as corrections officers when they were arrested. The third suspect brought in, Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, was fired as a prison guard in 2013. All three are members of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan (TAKKKK), according to court documents.Thursday’s arrest came after an investigation that appears, judging from redacted affidavits signed by FBI agents involved in the case, to have been built on testimony from a mole inside the Florida KKK. The FBI’s informant is never named.A statement from the Florida Attorney General’s office lists multiple law enforcement agencies involved in the investigation, including the Florida Highway Patrol and Florida Fish and Wildlife. A spokeswoman for the FBI's Jacksonville Division confirmed that her office initiated and spearheaded the investigation but added, “there were a lot of agencies that participated.”The murder plot came to the attention of law enforcement started at a Klan meeting in late 2014. That’s where Moran and Newcomb introduced Driver to an FBI confidential informant posing as a KKK member, according to court documents. The purpose of that meeting, judging by the conversation that follows in the affidavit, was to arrange a killing.“The defendants plotted the murder as retaliation for a fight between the inmate, who is African American, and Driver,” according to a press release from the state’s Attorney General’s office. Conversations between the men involved and the FBI informant shed more light on the motivations involved. Driver appeared to be carrying a vendetta since getting into a fight with the inmate who he said bit him during the altercation with the intent of giving him a fatal disease.According to the FBI’s account of that initial meeting, Driver and Moran both “told the [informant] that they wanted [redacted] to end up “six feet under.” Another man present at that initial meeting was TAKKKK Grand Dragon Jamie Vincent Ward. After hearing the plans Ward tells the informant, “they would have a sit down to discuss the [redacted] situation.” No charges have been filed against Ward.The plot progresses in subsequent conversations recorded by the FBI to discussions of what kind of weapon to use, and where and when to do the killing. Driver vents more about over his anger over the initial fight and the need to get revenge as he and his partners lace their plans with Klan salutations and racial epithets.No killing ever takes place, but the FBI stages a murder scene after informing the target of the conspiracy against him.  “Immediately upon notification,” the affidavit notes, the intended victim, “spontaneously stated that it must have been ‘those police’ and that they must not be satisfied yet.” With his cooperation the FBI staged a photo and manipulated it to make it look as if he’d been shot to death. That photo was then taken around by the informant on a burner phone and shown to the guards and ex-guard moonlighting as Klansmen, who gave their approval for a job well done. Then they all got arrested.Newcomb was fired from the corrections department in 2013, less than a year after he was hired as a trainee for, “failure to meet correctional officer’s minimum training requirements,” according to Florida Department of Corrections spokesman McKinley Lewis. He was arrested in February and released on bail after impersonating a police officer while acting as an unlicensed debt collector. Those setbacks didn’t seem to impact his stature in the KKK where, at the time he arranged the meeting between Driver and the informant, he was heading the group as its “Exalted Cyclops.”Driver and Moran, meanwhile, were still working for the prison system when they first met with the informant and allegedly asked him to kill someone. Moran began working in corrections in 1996. Driver was hired in 2010. The two were fired Thursday after being arrested at work.Documents provided by the Florida Department of Corrections show that both men received written reprimands for their job performance. Neither was punished in writing for anything related to racism or prisoner abuse.Calls to the TAKKK were not returned, but an excerpt of the material posted on the group’s website lays out its mission.The “Why Join?” section of the TAKKKK’s website opens with this: “Today, many people have experienced the blacks firsthand. They have seen the savagery and animalism in many of these people”It continues: “Once people understand that the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan is simply a movement of White people for the highest standards of Western Christian Civilization, and that the KKK did WIN its first struggle for our people in the post Civil War period, they will naturally turn to us for an answer to today's crisis.”The TAKKKK is headquartered in Missouri, according to Mark Potok, an expert on extremist groups at the Southern Poverty Law Center. Potek dismisses the TAKKKK’s, “absolutely outlandish claims about having thousands of members. That is false, it’s a lie.” White supremacist groups were once deeply ingrained in law enforcement in the deep South, according to Potok, but that’s no longer the case. The truth, Potok said, is the KKK’s membership has declined in recent years. “Add all the Klan groups together and there are fewer than 4,000 across the country.”Despite the national decline, Florida still ranks second in the country behind California for number of hate groups. Of the 50 hate groups that the SLPC monitors in Florida, the majority are white supremacists.An FBI investigation in July 2014 linked officers in the Fruitland Park police department to the KKK. The ex-wife of an officer fired in the aftermath of the allegation claimed that they had been assigned by the department to work undercover investigating the KKK. Those claims were never substantiated and the allegations, which came after an officer from the same department was fired in 2009 for KKK affiliation, led the chief of police to resign despite denying any connection to the hate group.
Allah’s blessings be upon you, Mike Pence. Now that “religious conscience” means whatever, we Muslims are going to town!I, along with millions of Muslims across the country, have to give it up for Indiana Governor Mike Pence and his merry band of liberty-loving Republicans in the state legislature.  The “religious liberty” law they recently enacted may be causing an uproar, but for us Muslims, it means we can now finally impose sharia law in Indiana!I’m not sure who is happier, the Wiccans or us?  As The Daily Beast’s David Friedlander wrote on Tuesday, the Wiccans are loving this law. Okay, actually they think it’s a “horrible” law because of its potentially discriminatory impact against the LGBT community. But as Dusty Dionne, High Priest and High Summoner of the Aquarian Tabernacle Church of Washington State, told Friedlander, “If they are going to open up this can of worms, we are going to shove it right in their face.” There has to be one Muslim Wiccan out there who is truly delirious with joy. (Although I’m not sure technically if such a combo is possible.)In any event, while the NCAA, Apple, and others may be thinking of steering clear of the Hoosier state, we Muslims are coming.  Think a caravan of wagon trains heading to the Midwest in the 1800’s, but this caravan will be all Muslim, and we will be coming to the state in everything from Mercedes Benzes to taxi cabs.Some might be asking, could Muslims really impose sharia law in some fashion in Indiana—turning Indiana into a mini Muslim caliphate?  Well, the Indiana law doesn’t just provide “religious liberty” for Christians. It provides “liberty” for all faiths, and that includes us Muslims. (Yes, that shrieking sound you heard was from the Christian conservatives who championed this law intending it to truly only benefit fellow Christians.)So what does the law provide? Simply that the government can’t “substantially burden” our religious practices unless it can prove that it  “(1) is in furtherance of a compelling governmental interest; and (2) is the least restrictive means of furthering that compelling governmental interest.”Bottom line: There are now so many things we can now do in Indiana that we are not able to do in the rest of America. For starters, it’s time for me to go wife shopping. You see, I can have up to four wives in my faith. I truly can’t think of any “compelling governmental interest” that could prevent that.I can’t wait to see the face of the conservatives who refused to bake a cake for a gay couple when I say I want a cake for my heterosexual marriage and they smile. And then I add, it’s so I can take a third wife.  Wonder how they will react?Maybe we can get deals on wedding dresses if we buy three or four at a time?  Sorta like the great deals at Costco when you buy in bulk.  And the upside for Pence and his right-wing comrades is the expected wedding industry boom in Indiana from all these Muslims weddings. It could possibly even make up the revenue Indiana will lose if in the future the NCAA refuses to hold its annual basketball Final Four there or the NFL says no more Super Bowls.And wait until we start blasting our call to prayers (known as the Adhan) five times a day across the Hoosier state. The first one known, as Fajr, is right before sunrise. Nothing says “wake up Indiana!” like a man calling out in Arabic at five in the morning for everyone to come pray.  And to show our appreciation, after each sunrise prayer, we can use the statewide sound system to thank Mike Pence by name.Plus if you come to any of our restaurants you better say, “As-Salaam-Alaikum.” Look, it’s either “submit or no shawarma.” And if you try to sue us because you are upset we are forcing you to say this, well guess what, the Indiana law offers us a defense to that because saying “peace be with you” is part of our religion.This is only the tip of the iceberg of “Muslim stuff” we will be joyfully imposing—I mean, practicing- in Indiana thanks to the GOP. I asked my Muslim friends via social media what else the good people of Indiana can expect to see in the near future. So here you go:- Allow wudhu (the washing before our prayers) in public fountains.  Think the opening of the TV show Friends with the cast frolicking in public fountains, but instead it will happen five times a day and feature a much more racially diverse group of people.- Stop paying interest on credit cards and mortgages. To some Muslims, interest payments (known to as “riba”) are considered a violation of Islam.- All Cracker Barrels must be halal—Hope you like turkey bacon on your BLT.-Being permitted to take naps during the month of Ramadan when Muslims fast.- Bidets in every public bathroom. (This was a popular suggestion.)- Nobody is allowed to walk in his house with shoes on. (Okay, this isn’t based on the religion but culturally is a big one for many Muslims, so why not?)- Randomly show up to pray in offices of Republican representatives.And the list goes on.I’m sure the conservatives who passed Indiana’s SB 101, especially the three despicable anti-gay bigots who stood behind Pence cheering him on when he signed this law, never expected that they would be turning Indiana into a Midwestern mecca for Muslims. But here’s hoping other Republicans state legislatures do the same thing soon. Before you know it we will be hearing the call to prayers across the nation. I especially can’t wait until it comes to Texas!
Nuneaton Town face a daunting Easter task on Saturday when they travel to top-of-the-table Barnet in search of a survival pick-me-up after last weekend’s setback at home to Halifax.But Boro boss Liam Daish is relishing the challenge against Martin Allen’s high-flying Bees, insisting: “I think it’s a good game for us to come back to.“We’ve been on a great run of seven games without a defeat which ended on Saturday but this is a great opportunity – there’s a pressure on Barnet because it’s really tight up there with Grimsby and Bristol Rovers and just one point separating all three.“They have got their own agenda so there will be a bit of pressure on them at home while we go there looking to get back on the horse. We have proved we can go to top six sides and get something. We went to Macclesfield and played very well and deserved our result so we’ll draw confidence from that.”Reflecting on Saturday’s 2-1 home defeat by Halifax, he said: “A lot of things went against us, to be fair. They were very direct and physical and used the wind to their advantage in the first half. They had a long thrown and launched that forward at every opportunity to put us on the back foot and we struggled to deal with that early on and went a goal down.“We needed to get a foothold in the game and couldn’t do that but in the second half we came out and used the wind and made the keeper produce some good saves. I think if we’d got that equalising goal we’d have gone on to win it.”As for new loan signing Jaanai Gordon from West Ham, Daish said of the 19-year-old striker: “He came into the side because I thought Andy Brown needed a breather, especially in the first half against the wind, and we needed that bit of energy running in behind to make that transfer of pressure. It was a difficult game in difficult conditions but he did well and has given us something different up front, and in wide areas as well.“We lost George Maris in the warm-up. He’s been a good player for us since coming from Barnsley so we went from leaving players out the week before at Macclesfield to going into Saturday almost down to the bare bones again, so it was important to bring a forward thinking player in when we did.”Front man Maris had a scan on Tuesday and Daish is awaiting the results of that after the player twisted a knee in the warm-up ahead of the Easter double header which concludes at Liberty Way against mid-table Braintree on Monday.“We’ll see how he is but whatever happens these two games are going to really stretch us in terms of personnel. But we’ll get through Saturday, see where we are and go again against Braintree on Monday.”
CLEVELAND - A two-year-old boy fell into a cheetah pen at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo and hurt his leg after his mother dropped him but the wild predators in the enclosure did not approach him, zoo officials said on Saturday.The child's mother was holding him over an observation wall abutting the enclosure when she dropped him, said Metroparks Zoo spokeswoman Sanaa Julien."The cheetahs made no attempt to interact with the child and parents at any time," Cleveland Metroparks Zoo executive director Christopher Kuhar said in a statement.The child, whose name was not released, was rescued from the enclosure and transported by ambulance to MetroHealth Hospital after sustaining a leg injury from the fall, according to a statement from Cleveland Metroparks Zoo.The exhibit, which houses two male cheetahs, was closed down for the remainder of the day, Julien said.Cleveland Metroparks, the organization that runs the 183-acre zoo and a number of parks in the Cleveland area, plans on Monday to press for misdemeanor child endangering charges against at least one parent of the child, according to its statement.
Two people have been killed in a light plane crash in the NSW northern tablelands.Emergency services were called to a property off Nine Mile Road, north of Glen Innes, about 10.30am on Sunday.Both pilot and passenger were pronounced dead at the scene, police confirmed.
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal as Arsenal gave Premier League leaders Chelsea food for thought with a scrappy 1-0 win at second-bottom Burnley on Saturday.The Welsh midfielder struck in the 12th minute at Turf Moor, slicing the ball into the roof of the net from close range after teammates Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil had seen efforts repelled.The result lifted Arsene Wenger's side to within four points of Chelsea, who visit struggling west London rivals Queens Park Rangers on Sunday, and kept Sean Dyche's Burnley two points from safety."It was a battling performance more than a fluid performance, and that was because Burnley are perfectly organised and very fit to keep their shape for the full 90 minutes," said Wenger.The Loftus Road trip is the first of two games in hand for Chelsea, but with matches against Manchester United and Arsenal also on the horizon for Jose Mourinho's side, Wenger's men may yet have a word to say in the title race.They failed to convince against Burnley, but have now won eight league games in succession for the first time since the 2003-04 'Invincibles' season and seem assured of a Champions League place at the very least."I don't think that our game against Chelsea will decide the Premier League title," Wenger added."They have two games in hand, but we have to just to keep going. We have promised ourselves to do as well as we can until the end and then we will see where we stand."Earlier, Tim Sherwood returned to haunt former club Tottenham Hotspur as Aston Villa improved their chances of avoiding relegation with a 1-0 victory in north London.Christian Benteke decided the game, nodding in an inviting right-wing cross from Leandro Bacuna in the 35th minute to register his eighth goal in six matches.On his return to White Hart Lane following his sacking by Spurs at the end of last season, Sherwood saw his Villa side open up a six-point cushion over the relegation zone.But victory came at a price, with centre-back Ciaran Clark and striker Gabriel Agbonlahor, who hit the post, forced off by injury and Carlos Sanchez sent off in stoppage time after receiving two yellow cards."It's a fantastic result," said Sherwood. "We carried on from the good performance in the 3-3 draw against QPR. We thought we could have a good go, and we did. I thought we deserved to win."Spurs' defeat cost ground in the battle for European places, with Southampton moving two points above them -- and leapfrogging Liverpool -- by winning 2-0 at home to Hull City.James Ward-Prowse broke the deadlock with a 56th-minute penalty after former Hull striker Shane Long had been tripped by Alex Bruce. Graziano Pelle then ended a 14-league-game scoring drought with a late strike.Hull remain in trouble, two points above the bottom three in 17th place, and Sunderland are just a point better off following a humbling 4-1 defeat at home to Crystal Palace.Democratic Republic of Congo winger Yannick Bolasie became the first Palace player to score a Premier League hat-trick and also set up a goal for Glenn Murray as Alan Pardew's team claimed a fourth successive win.Connor Wickham scored a late consolation for Sunderland, who were brought down to earth with a bump after beating derby rivals Newcastle United 1-0 on their previous outing.Bottom club Leicester City gave their hopes of avoiding relegation a huge boost by twice coming from behind to win 3-2 at West Bromwich Albion, which lifted Nigel Pearson's side to within three points of safety.David Nugent and Robert Huth successively cancelled out efforts by Darren Fletcher and Craig Gardner before Jamie Vardy charged to the edge of the West Brom box and drilled home an injury-minute winner for the Foxes."It was an exceptional goal (from Vardy), but we can't get carried away," said Leicester manager Pearson."It's great to get back-to-back wins, but we still have an awful lot to do."Jonjo Shelvey's penalty earned Swansea City a 1-1 draw with Everton, while Marko Arnautovic rescued a 1-1 draw for Stoke City at West Ham United, who had gone in front through a fine 25-yard free-kick from Aaron Cresswell.
Could this season be the year of the Hurricanes? Are the rest of the Super Rugby teams going to get blown away by the men from Wellington?The Hurricanes are desperate, playing with confidence, playing with flair, but most of all, when those attributes are combined, they have a game plan that is delivering results.Maybe it has to do with the unspoken word as well. The word that can spook players, coaches and teams.The word that starts with a W, ends with an N and has an I in the middle. Just make sure you don't mention that in the same sentence as Super Rugby because that might just jinx the run.But at some stage you have to. You have to have the confidence and belief in yourself and your teammates to say we can do this. We can WIN.Sometimes it's this fear of failure that clicks in to overdrive and stifles any chance of a team being successful, but so far this season for the Hurricanes, it has been like watching last year's Waratahs. Taking risks and being rewarded.Could we have a new maiden champion this year? Someone to step up to the plate and hit it out of the park?I know I said in my first article this year that the Waratahs could go back to back, but just maybe this outfit might be different to those of the past.In my playing days the toughest - and certainly most unpredictable - team to face were the men from Wellington.Yet there was a similarity at the the time between the two teams. The Waratahs and the Hurricanes always seemed to carry the perennial underachievers tag. Always spoken about with so much potential and talent but never really having the mental strength to go on and forge a championship victory.This season has been very good for them. Excelling as usual physicality-wise has allowed for some magnificent displays in attack.The prodigal son Ma'a Nonu has relished being back and is making a significant difference in the back line, strengthening their midfield.Cory Jane on the wing is a classy finisher and complemented by the immovable force of Julian Savea on the other.Perhaps the unsung heroes have been the forwards. With the likes of Victor Vito, Ben Franks and Jeremy Thrush, it makes for a difficult assignment to push those blokes around.Yet the glue holding all this all together is their five-eighth, Beauden Barrett.Barrett seems to be one of those players who has an incredible ability to find time and space. Everything looks effortless and easy, like he is not trying.Complementing those attributes around the park is his conversions, which most often turn the five-pointers into seven.They have the grace of the week off to recover from a hectic eight weeks and ready themselves to take on the Waratahs next week at home. For the Tahs it will give them a barometer of where they stand in relation to the Kiwi teams.But the strength of Kiwi rugby is not limited to the Hurricanes at the moment.I'm sure teams are keeping an sneaky eye on how the Crusaders are progressing, especially after the demolition of the Sharks in Durban.There was no Dan Carter in that match, and Richie McCaw came off the bench, showing the depth of the seven-time champions. They even kept the same back line for last night's clash with the Highlanders.The boys from Otago find themselves in the mix with some strong performances and have shown good courage in their wins and some close losses that would encourage them to push on for the finals. There's plenty still to play for.The Chiefs too are placed well. The two-time champions have gone about their business with some real statements in their wins.A double over the Blues, who are only playing catch-up now, and a strong win over the Brumbies early sees them still very much in the mix.In fact, at the time of writing, four of the New Zealand teams made up the top six.The only exceptions were the leaders of the other conferences - the Brumbies and the Bulls. It certainly makes for depressing reading for the other franchises striving to make the cut in round 18, but stranger things have happened.Best for those other teams to worry about themselves first and hope that the sides cancel each other out in the land of the long white cloud. But that could be a long shot.
Deputy sheriffs in southern California are under investigation after a TV news helicopter caught them on video kicking and beating a suspect who was fleeing on horseback.Francis Jared Pusok, 30, a white male with a criminal record, was kicked 13 times, punched 37 times and struck four times with batons, according to KNBC television in Los Angeles."I'm disturbed by what I see in the video," San Bernardino County sheriff John McMahon told the station, whose chopper hovered over the scene.He ordered an internal investigation into the incident, which occurred in desert scrub in Apple Valley, 130 kilometres from Los Angeles.It came five days after a white police officer in the South Carolina city of North Charleston was caught on video gunning down a fleeing African American suspect.The officer, Michael Slager, has since been charged with the murder of Walter Scott, 50, and fired from the force, in the latest fatal confrontation in the US between white police officers and unarmed black suspects.Pusok was being served a warrant related to an identity theft investigation when he first fled on foot, then stole a horse, the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department said on Friday.From the KNBC video, it appeared Pusok was zapped with a Taser when he fell off the horse, after which up to 11 deputies began striking him.He remained on the ground for 45 minutes, getting no medical attention before he was taken to hospital, the television station reported.The sheriff's department acknowledged that "use of force occurred" after the Taser proved ineffective due to "loose clothing" that Pusok was wearing.Three deputies also got medical treatment - two for dehydration and a third who got kicked by the horse, which itself sustained "numerous injuries".
British comedian Russell Brand has tweeted his support for saving Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran from an Indonesian firing squad.Saturday's tweet from Russell Brand (@rustyrockets) reads: These Aussie blokes are going to be killed soon for a bit of daft drug smuggling (they've done 10 yrs already) HELP! info.mercycampaign.org/watch/.The tweet includes a link to the website of the campaign for mercy for the convicted drug traffickers, where video interviews of the pair can be viewed and a petition signed.Brand is well known for his outspoken views on politics and human rights and in February blasted Australia's policy of using offshore migrant detention centres.Chan and Sukumaran's fight to avoid execution last week moved to Indonesia's constitutional court after they lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court.The pair's lawyers on Thursday sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president's obligations on considering clemency.Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has dismissed the latest challenge as delaying tactics and says he won't recognise it.Jakarta is now just waiting on the legal efforts of a few other death row prisoners before setting an execution date.The Sydney men are now imprisoned on Central Java's Nusakambangan island, where Indonesia plans to execute them by firing squad.
Justin Bieber got a little handsy with Ariana Grande during a performance on Wednesday night, much to the dismay of her boyfriend Big Sean, who went on Twitter and threatened him.Bieber made a surprise appearance at Grande’s concert at the Forum in Los Angeles on Wednesday, where the two performed As Long As You Love Me. Toward the end of the song, Justin calls her over, tells her to stand in front of him and throws his arms around her.It’s pretty apparent Ariana’s not having it and she quickly disentangles.But apparently not quick enough for Big Sean, who was in Canada and caught wind of Bieber’s antics through social media. He tweeted (and later deleted), “This kid is about to learn not to touch my girl like that. Beliebe that.”Bieber himself, oblivious to the ruckus he caused, tweeted after the show, “Love the stage. Thanks for having me @ArianaGrande and thanks LA. Gotta tour again soon)”
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal as Arsenal gave Premier League leaders Chelsea food for thought with a scrappy 1-0 win at second-bottom Burnley on Saturday.The Welsh midfielder struck in the 12th minute at Turf Moor, slicing the ball into the roof of the net from close range after teammates Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil had seen efforts repelled.The result lifted Arsene Wenger's side to within four points of Chelsea, who visit struggling west London rivals Queens Park Rangers on Sunday, and kept Sean Dyche's Burnley two points from safety."It was a battling performance more than a fluid performance, and that was because Burnley are perfectly organised and very fit to keep their shape for the full 90 minutes," said Wenger.The Loftus Road trip is the first of two games in hand for Chelsea, but with matches against Manchester United and Arsenal also on the horizon for Jose Mourinho's side, Wenger's men may yet have a word to say in the title race.They failed to convince against Burnley, but have now won eight league games in succession for the first time since the 2003-04 'Invincibles' season and seem assured of a Champions League place at the very least."I don't think that our game against Chelsea will decide the Premier League title," Wenger added."They have two games in hand, but we have to just to keep going. We have promised ourselves to do as well as we can until the end and then we will see where we stand."Earlier, Tim Sherwood returned to haunt former club Tottenham Hotspur as Aston Villa improved their chances of avoiding relegation with a 1-0 victory in north London.Christian Benteke decided the game, nodding in an inviting right-wing cross from Leandro Bacuna in the 35th minute to register his eighth goal in six matches.On his return to White Hart Lane following his sacking by Spurs at the end of last season, Sherwood saw his Villa side open up a six-point cushion over the relegation zone.But victory came at a price, with centre-back Ciaran Clark and striker Gabriel Agbonlahor, who hit the post, forced off by injury and Carlos Sanchez sent off in stoppage time after receiving two yellow cards."It's a fantastic result," said Sherwood. "We carried on from the good performance in the 3-3 draw against QPR. We thought we could have a good go, and we did. I thought we deserved to win."Spurs' defeat cost ground in the battle for European places, with Southampton moving two points above them -- and leapfrogging Liverpool -- by winning 2-0 at home to Hull City.James Ward-Prowse broke the deadlock with a 56th-minute penalty after former Hull striker Shane Long had been tripped by Alex Bruce. Graziano Pelle then ended a 14-league-game scoring drought with a late strike.Hull remain in trouble, two points above the bottom three in 17th place, and Sunderland are just a point better off following a humbling 4-1 defeat at home to Crystal Palace.Democratic Republic of Congo winger Yannick Bolasie became the first Palace player to score a Premier League hat-trick and also set up a goal for Glenn Murray as Alan Pardew's team claimed a fourth successive win.Connor Wickham scored a late consolation for Sunderland, who were brought down to earth with a bump after beating derby rivals Newcastle United 1-0 on their previous outing.Bottom club Leicester City gave their hopes of avoiding relegation a huge boost by twice coming from behind to win 3-2 at West Bromwich Albion, which lifted Nigel Pearson's side to within three points of safety.David Nugent and Robert Huth successively cancelled out efforts by Darren Fletcher and Craig Gardner before Jamie Vardy charged to the edge of the West Brom box and drilled home an injury-minute winner for the Foxes."It was an exceptional goal (from Vardy), but we can't get carried away," said Leicester manager Pearson."It's great to get back-to-back wins, but we still have an awful lot to do."Jonjo Shelvey's penalty earned Swansea City a 1-1 draw with Everton, while Marko Arnautovic rescued a 1-1 draw for Stoke City at West Ham United, who had gone in front through a fine 25-yard free-kick from Aaron Cresswell.
South African teams rejoiced this weekend with three wins over Australian opposition as New Zealand's Wellington Hurricanes preserved a six-point lead at the top of Super Rugby.The Hurricanes and Waikato Chiefs had the weekend off with byes as did Australia's Melbourne Rebels with only South Africa's Northern Bulls closing some of the gap with a win.Australia's top two contenders, the ACT Brumbies and defending champions New South Wales Waratahs, both went down with the Waratahs to face the Hurricanes in Wellington next weekend.The Bulls overcame the Queensland Reds 43-22 in Pretoria to go third in the overall standings and complete a super Saturday for South African sides against Australian opponents.The Bulls' triumph followed wins for Western Stormers over the Waratahs in Sydney and Central Cheetahs over Western Force in Perth.The Brumbies missed their chance to close in on the Hurricanes in a 16-14 loss to the Blues in Auckland, while the Stormers had a strong 32-18 win over the Waratahs.The improving Otago Highlanders stunned the Canterbury Crusaders, coming from behind to take their New Zealand derby 25-20 in Christchurch to lie fifth overall.The Golden Lions won again after surviving a stoppage-time scare to defeat Coastal Sharks 23-21 in the all-South African game in Johannesburg to stand just one point outside the top-six playoff spots.The Cheetahs snapped their five-match losing streak with a 24-15 win over the embattled Force in Perth.In wet Auckland, the Blues snapped a seven-game drought with a late penalty by Ihaia West securing a two-point win over the Australian conference leading Brumbies.The Brumbies had a chance to win the match right on full-time only for Nic White's long-range penalty effort to fall short.Victory for the Bulls enabled them to bounce back after a last-minute Gauteng derby defeat by the Lions in Johannesburg the previous week.It was a sixth consecutive defeat for the bottom-of-the-table Reds and a seventh in eight games in the southern hemisphere inter-provincial championship.It was the first time the Highlanders beat the seven-time champion Crusaders in Christchurch since 2008 to keep them firmly in fifth place on the ladder, while the Crusaders dropped out of the top six.It also brought the Crusaders crashing down to earth after their comprehensive 52-8 win over the Sharks in South Africa last week.The Cape Town-based Stormers claimed their first win in Sydney since 2007 as they flustered the Waratahs with their straight line defence after trailing 15-13 at half-time.The Stormers went into the match losing their previous nine matches outside South Africa, but they grew in confidence in a tremendous second-half performance against the ragged Waratahs, with centre Damian de Allende scoring a double.The Lions, after building a nine-point lead early in the second half, looked set for victory before being rattled by a late Sharks comeback.Substitute prop Thomas du Toit barged over for a try two minutes from time which fly-half Fred Zeilinga converted.And Zeilinga had a chance to snatch victory after the full-time siren only to narrowly miss a prodigious 57-metre penalty attempt from close to the touchline.The Cheetahs trailed at half-time in Perth, but scored the last 16 points of the match to overpower the home side and claim their third win in eight games this season.The Force, who led 15-8 early in the second half, have now lost seven games in succession.
The daughter of Alec Campbell, Australia's last Anzac, is en route to Gallipoli where she will meet a descendant of the last Turkish veteran.Felicity Tangney will be among the thousands of Australians making the pilgrimage to Turkey to attend the centenary commemorations of the landing at Gallipoli.Mr Campbell was 69 years of age when his youngest child Felicity was born."It'll be amazing, an emotional experience I guess. I don't really know what to expect it's going to be like," she said as she prepared to leave.The youngest of nine children, Anzac Day was always an important one to Ms Tangney and the Campbell household."Dad always used to go and march and carry his flag and we'd go and watch him and it was always a big day," she said.This year will be particularly special for Ms Tangney."I'm really looking forward to seeing where dad was 100 years ago, it's amazing he was actually there 100 years ago."It will be Ms Tangney's first time on the Turkish peninsula."I want to see it all, I want to see the trenches, I want to see the beach where they landed, just the landscape, the people, everything," she said.Born in Launceston in 1899, Mr Campbell enlisted straight from school by claiming to be two years older than he actually was.He was just 16 when he landed on the beaches of Gallipoli.He fought with the 15th Battalion until forces evacuated. After falling ill, he returned to Australia and was discharged in 1916.He died in 2002 at the age of 103 and was honoured with a state funeral in Hobart.His death broke Australia's last living link with what was a defining battle on the Turkish peninsula."As an Australian, [the visit is] one of those sorts of things you want to do and for us especially because of dad," Ms Tangney said.In 1990, Mr Campbell made the trip back for the 75th anniversary of the landing."A marvellous trip, Gallipoli was wonderful, some places were a bit upsetting, I think we all enjoyed it tremendously," he reflected after the visit.Ms Tangney recalls how he found his trench and accidentally dropped his camera in it.In Ms Tangney's kit bag will be some precious memorabilia."I'll take a replica of his medals, I'll take his Campbell tartan scarf and will wear that to the dawn service, his flag that he used to march with, probably just a photo," she said.On a cruise from Greece to Turkey Ms Tangney will meet a descendant of the last Turkish veteran from the Gallipoli campaign."It'll be interesting to meet him and hear his stories.""I guess I'll ask about his ancestors and the people who were on Gallipoli, how he felt about it."Ms Tangey plans to give him a special medallion featuring her father, which was made to commemorate the ANZAC centenary.Tasmanian RSL president Robert Dick commemorated last ANZAC Day on the Western front where two of his uncles fought and died."I think it's going to be a very emotional time for her, I hope not too emotional but I'm sure she will appreciate the atmosphere and everything around her," he said."I think that's going to be a landmark meeting when you think what were, at one stage, foes in battle to suddenly be meeting up as friends in a significant event of remembrance of all [who] died at Gallipoli."A remembrance trip which will certainly be one to remember.
WASHINGTON - A man shot himself dead in front of the U.S. Capitol on Saturday, police said, sparking a temporary security lockdown at the complex on one of the busiest days for tourists in Washington.The man, who was wearing a backpack and had carried a rolling suitcase and a sign to the site, fired a single shot at himself, Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine told reporters.Dine said the man's sign had a "social justice" message but he did not immediately provide more details and did not release the man's name.Authorities said they placed the Capitol on a lockdown as a precaution. A bomb squad technician examined the suitcase and the backpack and officials later gave the all-clear, lifting the lockdown after about two hours."There seems to be no nexus to terrorism or anything related to that," Dine said.The incident occurred as Congress was out of session and few lawmakers were in town. But the city was crowded with tourists visiting for the popular annual Cherry Blossom festival.The disturbance blocked traffic but did not appear to disrupt most visitors to Washington.Robert Bishop, a real estate developer from Annapolis, Maryland, who was visiting Washington and was at the scene of the shooting, said the man who killed himself had a sign that he thinks said, "Tax the 1 percent."The deadline for Americans to submit their tax returns is Wednesday.The man shot himself next to a fountain between the Capitol building and a street. About 50 people were in the area at the time, Bishop said."Everybody started ducking and started to run," he said.Near the White House, about 2 miles (3 km) east of the Capitol, authorities moved tourists away from the grounds on Saturday afternoon as a precaution before later reopening the area, a law enforcement official said.Lawmakers are due to return to work on Monday.The shooting is the latest in a string of security incidents at high-profile buildings in the nation's capital.In 2013, police shot and killed a woman after she rammed security barricades with her car near the White House before racing toward the Capitol. Also in 2013, a government contractor opened fire at the Washington Navy Yard, killing 12 people.More recently, a man pleaded guilty to charges of running into the White House in September armed with a knife before being tackled, a security breach that helped lead to a shake-up in the U.S. Secret Service.
District Head of Wamakko in Wamakko local government area of Sokoto state, Alhaji Salihu BaradeThe District Head of Wamakko in Wamakko local government area of Sokoto state, Alhaji Salihu Barade, who was recently kidnapped and released Friday night, has called for the general improvement of the security in Nigeria.The 60-year old traditional ruler, who is the younger brother of Governor Aliyu Wamakko, was kidnapped April 8 by unknown gunmen in his farm in Wamakko local government area of the state and later released by his abductors on Friday, near the farm of the Emir of Gummi in Zamfara state.Speaking with newsmen in Wamakko council, the District Head said this was part of the measures to stem the tide of kidnappings and other crimes in the country. According to him, there was the need for the improvement of security in Nigeria and not only around the traditional rulers.The freed traditional ruler expressed gratitude to God for securing his safe release. He urged Nigerians to sustain fervent prayers for peace and unity in the country, describing his abduction as a fallout of the general insecurity in the country.“I could not eat food for two days and I could not pray as there was no water in the place they kept me. I cannot however tell you whether a ransom was paid or not as they seized all my handsets. In fact, as you can see I am hale and hearty but we were starving with my abductors as they took me to a forest,” he added.
In the build up to the presidential election, many clergies predicted various outcome of the presidential election. While some predicted war, bloodshed, incomplete election, crises and disintegration, others predicted victory for incumbent president, Goodluck Jonathan, Michael Oche writesMost Nigerians who had relied on their clergies, be it pastors, Imams or prophets, would probably be disappointed with the outcome of the elections. Some ardent followers of these clergies who had relied on predictions of bloodshed were forced to relocate their families for fear of the unknown.Even some of the politicians had relied on the prophecies of victory from some of these clergies and gone to sleep rather than going about to woo voters. Some of the politicians were also worried when the prophecies didn’t come in their favour.Worried by some of the predictions and prophecies from men of God, President Jonathan on one of his visits to Living Faith Church, Canaan Land, urged Nigerians to pray for the country ahead of the general elections because of the scary predictions and prophecies.“There are various predictions concerning the election but I trust God to take control of the situation,” the president stated.The Lagos State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), was forced to lambast Primate Theophilus Olabayo of the Evangelical Church of Yahweh, Maryland, Lagos, for predicting that the party would lose Lagos State governorship election in 2015.The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was also not left out of the attack on a clergy who didn’t prophesy in their favour. The party accused Rev. Father Ejike Mbaka of the Adoration Ministry in Enugu of collecting bribe from Senator Chris Ngige after the Catholic priest during his New Year prophecy declared that President Jonathan would lose the election.Though Mbaka would have the last laugh as his prophecy came true, not many other clergies were so ‘lucky’ to have theirs come to fulfillment. Perhaps, just as the former chairman of the Lagos State branch of the Nigerian Red Cross Society of Nigeria, Celestine Nwosu puts it, “God has a way of solving Nigerian problems.”Prophet Olaniyi Odutayo of the World Prophetic Church, Ikeja, had also predicted that, “God told me Jonathan will win the presidential election.”Odutayo, who had just concluded a 40-day fasting and prayers before making his predictions stated that, “during the prayer and fasting, the Lord showed me three men trying to bury Goodluck Jonathan. Each one of them trying to bury him one after the other but as they push his head down, he rises up again. When the third man pushed his head down, he thought he had prevailed, he was already jubilating but suddenly Goodluck rose up.“I believe this vision is telling us that the president will have three contenders in the coming election but he will prevail. No matter how tough it seems, President Goodluck will rule come 2015.”An Abuja-based prophet, Joshua Iginla, of the Champions Royal Assembly also prophesied thus: “No matter how powerful or well-organised the 2015 election is, it will be faulted. I am not a politician nor do I belong to any political party, I am just speaking God’s mind. The person sitting on the seat might not be perfect but he will retain the seat. It’s not guess-work. Howbeit, it will be a battle between the lion and the tiger. Shortly after the election, especially on the night of the election, there will be great vandalisation. I see cars being burnt, many killed.”He veered off from the 2015 election and talked about Goodluck Jonathan’s health and death in Aso Rock. “President Jonathan will win but he has to pray about his health and so many political blows. I pray the two people who enter the Aso Villa will leave together. That’s why we should pray for the woman beside the president. The president and his wife should pray that the first lady would finish the tenure together and not losing one before the end of their tenure,” he stated.For the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries, Dr D.K Olukoya, it’s going to be a mysterious year. “I will speak in parables. This year is going to be a mysterious, cautious and dribbling year. So, you will have to find the solutions instead of diagnosing the problems carried by the year.”INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church founder, Primate Elijah Ayodele Babatunde was reported to have made an interesting prophecy on the general elections. “This year’s election will throw up a lot of issues. President Goodluck Jonathan will do everything to win a second term. However, he needs 14 days prayer to have a peaceful reign to enable him complete a second term. The chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof Attahiru Jega will be confused during the polls”, he stated.“There will be several gimmicks to cajole the INEC to rig the election. E-voting will not work. There will be ballot box snatching and stuffing during the election. The president should also commit his health and that of his wife to prayer. Jonathan is in the midst of enemies who are after his life,” he added.So far, only Pastor Tunde Bakare of the Latter Rain Assembly seems to have given hope about the election year. “Whether you are from the east, west, north or south, you will experience joy in 2015. Other nations will say ‘how did they do it?’ It will be indescribable joy. The nations of the earth will testify. I bring good tidings of joy to every part of the nation…”Apostle Johnson Suleiman of the Omega Fire Ministries Worldwide said, “I see President Goodluck Jonathan coming back but there was trouble. Patience Jonathan needs serious prayers. The 2015 presidential election will be rigged, marred in violence and end up in court case. 2015 election is another June 12.” He urged President Jonathan to be careful as there are plans to assassinate him.Despite the outcry of the men of God concerning the 2015 election, Pastor E.A. Adeboye of the Redeemed Christian Church of God while revealing his 2015 visions at the 2014 cross over night said: “Unfortunately, because it is election year, I can’t tell you the entire thing God told me about Nigeria. But I will tell you this, by the end of the year, many will say ‘all is well that ends well”.Indeed, the election turned out well for Nigeria and Nigerians.Speaking to LEADERSHIP Sunday, a civil servant, Adewale Kupoluyi, said one thing that is troubling was the seemingly conflicting prophecies from the clergies.“Then we should ask, is it not possible to have the same prediction since the ‘source’ of the message should be same, though the messenger may differ? Then what could have gone wrong and at what point?” he queried.Agaptus Okafor, a company driver said because of the predictions and prophecies, he had relocated his family of five to his village in Imo State till after the elections. Chukwuemeka Dike, a businessman and indigene of Enugu State said he has also taken his family members home following the scary predictions concerning the elections.
With a portrait in last year's Archibald Prize exhibition and as a finalist in several other art shows, Anh Do's artistic credentials would seem to be beyond doubt.But Do's gallery dealer Rex Irwin has been a tough judge to please."He came before last year's Archibald and he looked at all the work and he went 'This is pretty much all not good enough'," Do says. "And I said 'What about that one? That's my dad and I'm going to put him in the Archibald' and he said 'No, not very good'."Irwin is the co-owner of Olsen Irwin Gallery in Woollahra, which will host Do's first solo exhibition Man later this month.Far from being miffed, Do, who won last year's Kogarah Art Prize, says he asked Irwin to give his honest opinion."But this time a few weeks ago he said 'I must say they're very good'," he says. "And I think it's because it's the first time I've been able to string three months of painting together."The large canvases in Man feature Do's friends painted with thick swathes of paint. Each portrait in the show is numbered, rather than named, with the viewer left to work out the character, history and occupation of Do's faces."I picked them because they've really lived a big life," he says. "Lots of ups and lots of downs, probably more downs you know.""That's what sort of fascinates me," he adds. "What's funny as well as what's sad. What's the hero and the really cool dad and the flip side the alcoholic father."A renowned comedian, author and television personality, Do's skill as an artist was brought to wide attention last year with a touching portrait of his ailing father Tam."That's a son's painting of a dad that he worries he might not see again," Do told Fairfax Media last year.  Do told the story of his relationship with his father and the family's arduous journey to Australia as boatpeople in his award-winning 2010 autobiography, The Happiest Refugee, which he later turned into a stage show that he continues to perform. The latest edition of his travelogue series Anh Does Italy screens on the Seven Network later this year.An avid drawer in his school days, Do took up painting about four years ago, enrolling in a TAFE course following the death of a close friend.Besides Irwin, he also enlists a number of artist friends to critique his work."I'm trying to catch up," he says. "I started late and I'm trying to get as good as I can be. And I'm really enjoying it."If everyone gives their tick of approval to a painting, Do is satisfied."If it's half and half, then I get to decide if it's good or not," he says. "If they all go it's not good, I slash it and chuck it in the bin."Do credits his parents with encouraging him to chance his arm and not fear failure. He also speaks of the resilience he learned from his mother Hien, who raised three children single-handedly after Do's father succumbed to alcoholism and abandoned the family.As a teenager, Do was the family's spokesman, calling landlords to ask for extra time to pay the rent: "That gives you resilience so if I have to slash a painting or two so what?"Do admits his mother appreciates his art more than his humour."She doesn't really get it," he says. "She doesn't know why people are laughing. She doesn't understand smart-arsedness. But she can look at a painting and go 'You know what? That's good'."Do's four children are also fans of his work, venturing downstairs to his studio housed in the double garage, with enviable views of the Illawarra coast, to help out their father."Every now and then I'll get a visit from one of the little tackers and they try to help out, you know," he says. "They'll give me hints and tips and, they know nowadays not to, but when my youngest was four a couple of times he got in and thought he'd fix up a guy's chin."Do says he will often slip downstairs in the middle of the night to work on a painting – a lesson taught to him by "an angry girlfriend"."I've learnt that the muse is like an angry girlfriend," he says. "If she comes knocking you better be home because if you're not, she doesn't leave a note saying pick up after 3pm from the post office. The gift she had is gone forever."Anh Do's Man is at Olsen Irwin Gallery from April 22 to May 10.
UN Secretary-General, Mr. Ban Ki-Moon  The United Nations on Saturday launched an appeal to raise slightly over $174 million to support Nigerian refugees who have fled to Chad, Niger and Cameroon to escape Boko Haram Islamist insurgency.The UN’s Regional Humanitarian Coordinator for the Sahel region, Robert Piper, said this to newsmen in Dakar, according to a Reuters and News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) report. Report says Boko Haram fighters have killed thousands of people in their six-year bid to create an Islamist emirate in north eastern Nigeria. “Though a military campaign by Nigeria and its neighbours has driven Boko Haram out of many positions it previously held. The UN still expects refugee numbers to rise from 192,000 to 240,000 by the end of this year. The refugees, some of whom walked or even swam long distances to escape the violence,” he noted.He said they were spread out across the countries bordering Lake Chad in a mostly arid zone that encompassed some of the poorest regions of the world.He added that most of them were sheltering with local residents, rather than in refugee camps, partly out of fear of becoming targets for cross-border reprisal attacks.“Boko Haram has been so vicious in targeting civilians that there is a psychosis among the refugees. But this means they are spread out and logistically it is much more difficult to reach them,” he said.The 23 UN agencies and NGOs involved in the support plan each drew up their cost estimates, which came to a combined $174.4 million.According to the UN, in addition to the refugees, there are over 1.1 million people displaced within northeast Nigeria by Boko Haram.
The Tories have gained three points to lead Labour in a new poll that puts UKIP on its lowest tally for two years.The Opinium survey for the Observer has the Conservatives up three from a week ago on 36% - an apparent boost after several polls in recent days gave Labour a lead.Ed Milband's party are also up a point on 34%.These gains have largely come from UKIP, who are down three points on 11% - their lowest Opinium tally since 2013.:: For full coverage of the General Election click hereWhile the two major parties appear to be consolidating their positions, the Liberal Democrats are unchanged from 10 April on 7% while the Greens fall one point to 6%.Another poll by YouGov for The Sunday Times puts Labour and the Conservatives neck-and-neck on 34%.Meanwhile, a bounce in popularity for several leaders following TV debates appears to have faded.:: Track how the major parties are faring in the latest opinion polls with the Sky News poll of polls, which averages all the latest polls to get the overall pictureThe net approval rating for Mr Miliband falls in the Opinium data from -15% to -18%; Nigel Farage of UKIP falls from -13% to -20%; and Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg falls from -30% to -33%.Conservative leader David Cameron remained the most popular leader on -2%.The Opinium data is based on an online survey of 1,916 adults on 8 and 9 April.:: Play the Sky News interactive feature Shaker Maker and have a go at forming your own government
The Federal Government has been urged to quickly look into the activities of idol worshippers and their priests, which is fast causing devastating havoc in the country.The call was made by Evangelist Maduabuchi Obumneke of St. Luke’s Anglican Church, Kuje, Abuja. Obumneke, while briefing newsmen.He appealed to the government, both at state and federal levels, to act as refuge for the fallen and would-be fallen victims of a ‘worthless religion’ that is full of wicked, cruel, barbaric and diabolical activities that is thwarting human rights and freedom of worship.According to him, “There was this kind of havoc caused by worshippers and priest of an idol in a shrine in Amori Town in Nkanu South Local Government Area of Enugu State last month which was just a replica of what happened some years ago, and to be precise, it was on Sunday 22nd July, 2007 in Adum Shrine at Oloibiri village in Ogbia Local Government Area of Bayelsa State that caused the death of Pastor Kadiri who was in charge of Real Soul Gospel Church in the village.“Pastor Kadiri was mysteriously killed alongside his helper and guardian of some members of the church he was pastoring simply because he refused to partake in the activities of worshipping the idol in Adum shrine as his forefathers did.“These silent killings in the name of idol worshipping or any other form should be addressed for the sake of the country, its growth and development”, he added.
We are far from being done, even though it feels like we are. It is a huge relief and a boost to our morale and sense of accomplishment that the…
Intense lobbying for the position of the Senate president’s seat has been the focal point of political discussions since the National Assembly elections held on March 28. STANLEY NKOCHA writes on the intrigues, power play and likely candidates shaping the race.That a new order has been enthroned in the political system of the country, especially as it affects the leadership of the National Assembly, is not in doubt. The recent majority status attained by the All Progress Congress (APC) after gaining majority votes at the just concluded National Assembly elections, ensured this new order.As it is, no soothsayer is needed to state that realignments of positions and offices will take place to enable the new order take its due course.The eighth senate session of the National Assembly would take off early June, 2015, after it must have been proclaimed by the clerk of the assembly, who would preside over the elections of the four presiding officers of the two chambers of Nigeria’s highest lawmaking body namely: senate president, speaker, deputy senate president and the deputy speaker of the House of Representatives.Suffice to say that, with the president and vice president from the North-west and South-west respectively, the positions up for grab in the National Assembly would be filled by the North-central and North-east geo political zones. The South-south and South-east are as it stands, out of the contest, following the inability of the two zones to return any ranking member of the two chambers of the National Assembly under the platform of the APC.It is important to note that the standing rules of the Senate gives preference to seniority of senators for the positions of senate and deputy senate presidents. In fact, it bars new members from aspiring to hold these positions. This is so because, in the wisdom of the Senate, only senators with cognate parliamentary experience can effectively lead the upper legislative chamber and examples are drawn from advance democracies like the United States of America as well as India.The seniority/ranking factor was first tasted in 2007 when the current senate president, David Mark, first contested the number three position in order of protocol against the current senate minority leader, Senator George Akume and defeated him even though ranking was not yet included in the senate’s standing rules. But within the life of that very assembly, under the leadership of David Mark, it was imperative to insert the clause in the standing rules of the red chamber so as to properly guide lawmakers and possibly limit the contest to only experienced senators for effective leadership.It was then first applied as a written rule in 2011 when the likes of Senator Danjuma Goje from Gombe State, who was elected into the senate for the first term, was prevailed upon to drop his ambition to vie for the office of the senate president, hence David Mark, from the ruling PDP emerged unopposed.As the race for the Senate presidency hots up, and with APC winning the majority seats in the senate, the North-west and South-west having produced the president and Commander-In-Chief and, vice president respectively, it is a direct contest between the North-central and the North-east, featuring Senate minority leader, George Akume, who would be returning to the Senate the third time and Senator Bukola Saraki, who would be making a second return to the red chamber from Benue and Kwara States respectively, from the North-central zone.From the North-east, it would be between Senator Ahmed Lawan (Yobe) and Senator Bukar Abba Ibrahim (Yobe). Both would be coming back the third time as well as Danjuma Goje from Gombe State who would be returning a second time.Given the standard set by the president of the Senate, David Mark, in the last eight years as chairman of the National Assembly, his dexterity and deep understanding of the legislative procedures as well as the ability to navigate through tough political terrains to bridge the gap between parliament and executive have placed him in a class of his own. The need for a senate president that is humble, a team player, stabiliser as well as one that is respected amongst his colleagues, irrespective of political party differences, is the task before the APC which is expected to zero in on a candidate as consensus and avoid elections.Therefore, as the build up to the inauguration of the eighth National Assembly gets under way, three names have prominently featured in the calculations and permutations for the senate presidency and deputy senate president. They include the Senate minority leader, Senator George Akume (Benue ); Senator Ahmed Lawan (Yobe) and Senator Abubakar Bukola Saraki (Kwara).Senator George Akume Senator Akume is the current Senate minority leader from Benue State. He was first elected into the Senate on the platform of the PDP in 2007 and secured a second term under the platform of the defunct ACN now APC in 2011. He will be returning to the red chamber for the third time.He was a former governor of Benue State between 1999 and 2007. It would be recalled that Senator Akume laid the structure for the opposition in the state through the enormous goodwill he enjoyed and still enjoys from the people of the state. He is a well-respected member of the Nigerian parliament among his colleagues. He is a team player with robust relationship at all levels. His eight years in the parliament has equipped him for the job of Senate presidency and that huge experience would certainly come to bear. He is also in the good books of the APC leadership at the national level. Senator Akume is favoured by the zoning arrangement and party strength in the senate. Senator Akume is a Christian.A former member of the House of Representatives, Senator Lawan was first elected into the Senate in 2007 and since then, he has been the chairman of the Senate Committee on Public Accounts. He is also a well respected parliamentarian and a team player as well. He is said to be thorough in his dealings. Senator Lawan has not held any leadership position at the level of the executive but he has spent more years in the parliament cumulatively than Akume and Saraki. Some analysts have argued that senator Ahmed, who hails from Yobe State is well favoured by the zoning arrangement bearing in mind that the North-east zone has not produced the Senate president since the advent of democracy in 1999. Some are, however, of the view that the emergence of Ahmed as Senate president would narrow the space in the zoning of the offices of the speaker, deputy senate president and deputy speaker, particularly while considering religious factor. He is a Muslim.Senator Saraki, a former governor of kwara State between 2003 and 2011, was first elected a senator in 2011 under the platform of the PDP. He would be returning to the Senate for the second term under the APC platform having decamped from the PDP earlier. Well favoured by the zoning arrangement, he is also qualified as a ranking senator who is said to be brilliant and well composed. He is also respected among his colleagues. He is a Yoruba Muslim.An analyst highly conversant with the workings of the National Assembly, Andrew Oota asserts that except a choice is carefully made, it may be difficult balancing the religious interest in the National Assembly and polity at present as the APC has received several bashings in this respect in the past.Pundits are of the same opinion that should Senator Bukola Saraki emerge Senate president from the North-central zone as a Yoruba Muslim, it would be difficult to balance the religious factor in the North-east, since all the senators from that region are Muslims unlike the House of Representatives where a ranking member, Representative Yakubu Dogara is a Christian from Bauchi.It is therefore said in many quarters that the emergence of Senator Akume from the North-central would be the sure way of expanding the options for the APC in both chambers, having put all considerations in place.As intense lobbying and consultations are ongoing, it would not be long before the clear favorites emerge. It is expected that a consensus arrangement may be adopted in chosing the leaders as the APC may not be open to election, which is always known to provide room for divisions in every hitherto peaceful political party.
No fewer than 28 persons were reported dead in various states across the country as governorship and states Houses of Assembly elections held.Eight persons, including a policeman, were killed yesterday before actual voting started in Rivers State.The policeman was killed in the morning at the Rex-Lawson area of the old Port Harcourt Township even before accreditation commenced.Though the cause of the cop’s death was not known, the State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Ahmad Muhammad, who confirmed the killing, said there were traces of violence before the policeman died.Muhammad said, “The policeman killed was one of thos e deployed to monitor the elections today (Saturday). We saw that there was evidence of violence before he was killed. His remains have been moved from to a nearby morgue and we have commenced investigation into the killing.”The police image maker further explained that over 17, 000 policemen were deployed to monitor the poll across the state, with a minimum of two policemen at each polling unit.It was gathered that one person was beheaded, while two others were shot dead in Asari-Toru local government area of the state.Hoodlums also stormed INEC office and reportedly threw substances suspected to be dynamite into the office, destroying election materials andThough the cause of the killings was not immediately ascertained, there were indications that it may not be unconnected with the power tussle between the two main political parties in the state.Also, eyewitnesses said there were heavy shootings on Friday night preceding the election up until about 7am yesterday morning in Buguma, headquarters of Asari-Toru local government area, with supporters of parties spotted burning tyres on the main roads.The situation heightened tension in the area, while many residents stayed at home for fear of being hit by stray bullets.Meanwhile, in Rumuomasi, a reporter with Channels Television, Grace Ekang, and his photographer were attacked and beaten by angry youths. The details of the attack were not clear.Also, in Bomu, Gokana local government area, a reporter with Silverbird Rhythm FM, Ofonime Okon, was beaten by thugs who asked if he was sent by a particular governorship candidate in the state. The vehicle he was travelling in was damaged.Also, in Okpogo community, Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni local government area, a group of youths reportedly snatched ballot boxes, while two unidentified men were shot dead.In Odual local government area, there were shootings which resulted in the loss of one life, though the police are yet to confirm this report. Policemen and other security personnel were spotted along Omuku town looking for hoodlums who allegedly snatched ballot boxes.It was also gathered that the state commissioner for women affairs, Mrs Joyba West, was attacked by hoodlums and her home burnt down.Her information and communications counterpart, Mrs Ibim Semenitari, who confirmed the attack on Mrs West, said her colleague was still in hiding.Meanwhile, Governor Chibuike Amaechi and his wife, Judith, after being accredited at ward in Ubima, Ikwerre local government area, described the election in the state as a sham.Amaechi told journalists that the governorship and House of Assembly elections were characterized by ballot box snatching, intimidation and harassment.He also disowned text messages allegedly traced to him calling on Rivers people not to vote and for the election to be cancelled. He said his phone number must have been cloned.Mrs Semenitari, who spoke for the governor, said her principal had at no time called on INEC to cancel the polls.In Oyigbo local government area, explosion from substances suspected to be dynamite went off near a polling unit, but voters defied the scare and later went to be accredited before 1pm.In Kano State, thugs suspected to be hired by unscrupulous politicians burnt ballot papers and attempted to snatch election materials in Madobi and Kibiya local government areas of Kano State, respectively.The state commissioner of police, Ibrahim Idris, confirmed that violence broke out at Kaura-Mata in Madobi local government area where political thugs burnt ballot papers and boxes.In a separate telephone interview with the police spokesman in Kano, ASP Magaji Musa Majiya revealed that what caused chaos at Kauran-Mata was that a PDP ward leader, Kauran Mata, specifically tore a ballot paper and requested his hired thugs to disrupt the process.However, INEC, Resident Electoral Commissioner, Alhaji Hussaini Halilu Pai told our reporter that in the early hours of yesterday, suspected hired thugs attempted to snatch election materials in Kibiya local government area while officials were on their way to Kahu ward.According to him, police quick intervention prevented the youth from carrying out their evil plan.Also, in Kebbi State, soldiers yesterday allegedly shot dead three people in Suru local government of Kebbi State after pandemonium broke out during the polls.According to an eyewitness who spoke to LEADERSHIP SUNDAY on condition of anonymity, the incident occurred at a village called Bayan Dutsi when voters suspected the INEC supervisor in the area of malpractice and descended on him, beating him to coma.The eyewitness explained that following the incident, soldiers were called in to restore order, but the angry voters, most of whom youths, threw stones at the soldiers, prompting the soldiers to open fire, killing three.Police public relations officer in the state, Nafiu Abubakar, confirmed the incident and said it would be investigated.“Yes the incident happened but you see I am in Birnin Kebbi for election work but it will be investigated”, he said.A similar incident of killing also occurred at Kanya in Danko Wasagu local government of Kebbi State when unknown gunmen shot dead one Umaru Gomma, a renowned APC politician in the area. Reports said the gunmen stormed his residence and opened fire on him.On his part, former governor of Akwa Ibom, Obong Victor Atta, described the governorship and House Assembly elections in the state as a sham and a disgrace to electoral process.Atta told newsmen he monitored the polls at his country home in Ibeskpo Asutan local government area, but that he was not even allowed to vote as thugs with the support of some unscrupulous security operatives brazenly carried off all electoral materials from his ward.“This is a monumental evil, and a rape on democracy. I cannot believe my eyes on seeing what happened in my dear state today. Thugs hired by the ruling party in the state, the PDP, came directly to my unit and removed all the election materials and bolted, leaving the people who had come to vote, perplexed”, he said.Atta lamented the agony of his people who were prevented from performing their civil right and called on the INEC to cancel the elections because of irregularities that pervaded the whole exercise.Meanwhile, over five persons were said to have lost their lives at different locations during the governorship and House of Assembly elections in the state.A middle-aged man was reported killed at Nsit Ibium local government area, the home of the state APC governorship candidate, Umana Okon Umana, who called for an outright cancellation of the elections in the state.Umana, who made the call while addressing journalists in his country home, Ndiya, said that elections could not hold in several polling units across the state because of malpractices and intimidation by PDP thugs who allegedly hijacked materials.He explained that hired thugs carried off all the election materials meant for his ward and other units in the local government area.“Reports from our men on the field indicate that there was massive invasion of all polling stations by thugs and agents of the PDP,” he stated.In Uyo, the state capital, LEADERSHIP SUNDAY reports that two youths were shot dead as they engaged thugs who had invaded their polling units on Ikot Ekpene road.There were also reports that three people died in Imo State, while Ebonyi, Cross River, Plateau, Katsina and Benue states lost an individual each.
Whether you are a graduate new to the workforce, or looking to move to the next stage in your career progression, the process of looking for the perfect job is a daunting one, particularly in the digiworld's uncertain and unstable atmosphere.Corporations are constantly evolving to fit in with the rapid flow of market fluctuations, technological advances and world events. There's every chance that by the time the application process is complete, the position you have gone for has either completely changed in scope or even changed location.So how do you as a jobseeker put key strategies in place to make certain you are protected against outside forces battering your 'definitely will bes' into 'might have beens'?One of the best ways to futureproof your chances of career success is to think and act collaboratively at a commercial level. If you take an isolationist approach to stepping up the career ladder, then a common sense perspective says that you are automatically missing out on opportunities for advancement.Collaboration within the business sphere – or what could be called the 'We' space as opposed to the 'Me' space – means taking the opportunity to engage and ideate with big thinkers, mentors, sponsors and leaders who can assist your journey upward. More than that, it means connecting with others who share the same business ethics, values and ideals as yourself, and creating a network that will stand you in good stead for the long trek.If you are looking from a graduate perspective to your first role, then a good place to start is by identifying both peers and leading figures you admire in your sector or industry. Is there the opportunity for mentoring, even if you don't yet have a position? Engaging at this level not only indicates that you are ahead of the pack when it comes to wanting to succeed, it also starts good habits in terms of leadership style and strategic thinking. It may also show you more clearly what you don't want in terms of career objectives.If you are in the market for a new role, then look to the company's sponsorship record. Do they have an active history of encouraging sponsorship and mentoring? Sponsorship in particular can have a massive impact on career progression, with both the sponsor and the recipient investing time, effort and an expectation of return into the relationship. Are you ready to accept a two-way relationship? If so, then look to sponsorship as part of your collaborative approach to a new role.This in turn leads to your network. It actually doesn't matter where you are in the company tree; the bottom or the top – networks are a vital way of not only supporting your progression, but also your career and personal growth. Networking, when done the right way – with a focus on what you give, rather than what you are going to get – brings understanding of a team environment and other industries, professions and sectors. It allows you to form relationships both within and without your own workplace. Above all, networks can upskill you, which is invaluable when you are looking to move on career wise.If you close yourself off to an understanding of what it means to work with others at two critical points of your career path – the beginning and the progression – then inevitably you will be behind the eight-ball compared to others who have opened themselves up to working in a collaborative environment.The temptation to think 'I can do it all myself' might be great – but just think about those who have had the biggest success stories. Steve Jobs didn't have a company called 'Jobs'. Richard Branson didn't have 'Richard'. There's a reason why Apple and Virgin are the brands they are.  The teams behind them.Janine Garner is the author of From Me To We – Why commercial collaboration will future-proof business, leaders and personal success. She is the Founder and CEO of LBDGroup and works with senior leaders to build high performing teams. Visit janinegarner.com.au
Three years ago, they were filmed kicking and screaming as Australian Federal Police removed them from their mother. But the Vincenti sisters, who were forcibly sent from Australia to Italy to be with their father, have now revealed they are happy living with him overseas.There was a widespread outcry when footage of the four sisters being forcibly taken from the Sunshine Coast home of Australian woman Laura Garrett to live with their father was aired in 2012.The sisters – aged just nine to 15 years old at the time – were shown kicking and screaming as AFP officers dragged them from their mother's home and forced them on to a plane.The scene in 2012 when the girls were taken away by police.Born and raised in Italy, the girls had been at the centre of a custody battle since their mother brought them to Australia in 2010.In a 60 Minutes interview due to air on Sunday in Australia, the two eldest sisters, Emily and Claire, aged now 16 and 17, described what it was like to be wrenched from their mother."That night, they came all of a sudden and took us away and it was traumatising… I didn't want to get on the plane. It's the truth, I didn't want to go back to Italy," Emily told Channel Nine.Claire said she believed her mother had taken them from Italy because she wanted to return home."I just think [at] that point mum wanted to return home. That's why she did it I think," she said.The picture of the two girls seemingly happy and settled living in a village near Florence is a stark contrast to the traumatic scenes from when they first arrived and pleaded to return to Australia.Garrett raised nearly A$10,000 in online donations to  get her girls back after the case went public.The girls' parents met when Garrett was an exchange student in Italy. Her host family were the parents of Tomaso Vincenti, the girl's father.The pair married and had four girls, but in 2007, when the youngest daughter was only four years old, the couple split.Under Italian law, both parents were granted joint custody.However, in 2010, Ms Garrett took the four girls back to Australia, telling their father she wanted to take them for a holiday for a month.Garrett reportedly told the Australian embassy she was fleeing an abusive husband.The four daughters remained in Queensland for two years while their father fought to bring them back to Italy.Now, according to the Channel Nine program, the girls are attending school, planning to study at university and have Italian boyfriends in Florence.According to the show, the four Vincenti sisters had not seen their mother since they were removed but Ms Garrett has subsequently visited them in Italy when 60 Minutes went to film the story.
If working in a corporate environment has taught me one thing it's that crushing disappointment of the professional variety is always lurking just around the corner like some creepy, heavy-breathing degenerate, ready to jump out and put you in a foul-smelling, absurdly long headlock.Sorry if that sounds unduly pessimistic, but unless you've found a triple-A-rated, once-in-every-four-lifetimes job – come on! You know I'm not exaggerating. And if you have found that job, what are you doing reading this column? Go out and cavort with Staffordshire terrier puppies in a thornless rose garden, you lucky bugger.The hardest part about these disappointments is that they never get easier to bear. Unless, of course, you've developed callouses. And you can't develop these callouses from work alone. You need to have something else in your life that inoculates you against the consistent and profound feeling that you've been thoroughly let down. For me it's football.You don't know relenting despondency until you've supported an elite-level sporting team that almost never plays at anything near the elite level – the Melbourne Football Club.It's just one moment of jaw-dropping, soul-pulping incompetence or incomprehensibly bad luck after another. For years it's agonising, and then you find yourself becoming anaesthetised to it all. Things that were once tormenting become mildly bemusing. You learn to embrace a certain perverse equanimity. Work travails pale into insignificance by comparison.Yes, nothing can prepare you for the vagaries and vicissitudes of corporate life like investing yourself in the success of a team like Melbourne. So, am I telling you to switch your allegiance to the Demons in a bid to overcome the inevitable disillusionment of corporate life? In a word: yes.
If working in a corporate environment has taught me one thing it's that crushing disappointment of the professional variety is always lurking just around the corner like some creepy, heavy-breathing degenerate, ready to jump out and put you in a foul-smelling, absurdly long headlock.Sorry if that sounds unduly pessimistic, but unless you've found a triple-A-rated, once-in-every-four-lifetimes job – come on! You know I'm not exaggerating. And if you have found that job, what are you doing reading this column? Go out and cavort with Staffordshire terrier puppies in a thornless rose garden, you lucky bugger.The hardest part about these disappointments is that they never get easier to bear. Unless, of course, you've developed callouses. And you can't develop these callouses from work alone. You need to have something else in your life that inoculates you against the consistent and profound feeling that you've been thoroughly let down. For me it's football.You don't know relenting despondency until you've supported an elite-level sporting team that almost never plays at anything near the elite level – the Melbourne Football Club.It's just one moment of jaw-dropping, soul-pulping incompetence or incomprehensibly bad luck after another. For years it's agonising, and then you find yourself becoming anaesthetised to it all. Things that were once tormenting become mildly bemusing. You learn to embrace a certain perverse equanimity. Work travails pale into insignificance by comparison.Yes, nothing can prepare you for the vagaries and vicissitudes of corporate life like investing yourself in the success of a team like Melbourne. So, am I telling you to switch your allegiance to the Demons in a bid to overcome the inevitable disillusionment of corporate life? In a word: yes.
The Raptors formally ended an NBA era on the shores of Biscayne Bay on Saturday, sticking a stake through the heart of the once-mighty Miami Heat in a dreary affair.Against what was left of the Heat, Toronto all but eliminated Miami from the playoff picture in a 107-101 victory that tied the franchise record of 48 wins, set last year.DeMar DeRozan had never won in Miami in 10 tries and left for a bit after taking a hard fall in the third, but returned to close the game and said he was fine. Not only did DeRozan return, he hit a tough driving layup with less than two minutes remaining in a razor-tight game for the second night in a row, hitting the free throw as well to give Toronto a 99-94 advantage with 1:21 left to play.With the lead down to two, Lou Williams, the best Raptor all evening, calmly sank a three-pointer, then made his way to the corner to block a Luol Deng three-point attempt to seal the deal.The Raptors clinched home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs and tied a franchise record with 22 road wins this season and they are feeling mighty pleased about those accomplishments.There is a strong case to be made that Williams has been the NBA’s top sixth man this season and this two-night Florida sojourn has provided a lot of ammunition to that argument.“Yeah, I’m having a pretty good week, but this one especially, feels good,” Williams said, saying the Raptors set a goal of home court and 50 wins before the season.“It’s my first time ever having home-court in my 10-year career, so I look forward to it ... (the ACC) is going to be rocking.“We’ve got to appreciate having home court, these guys fought for it, they scratched for it,” added head coach Dwane Casey.“They earned it. I think you’ve got to honour that and appreciate that, not be satisfied but appreciate that for our organization.”Williams finished with 29 points, DeRozan added 22 and the Raptors needed all of that offence, with Kyle Lowry struggling again in his second game back after missing nine-of-10. Lowry shot just 3-for-14, including 0-for-8 from three, but Tyler Hansbrough played well again and Terrence Ross turned in a solid 17 minutes.Hassan Whiteside was unstoppable for Miami, with 16 points and 18 rebounds, but he missed 12-of-16 free throw attempts, nearly negating all of the good work. Dwyane Wade’s 30 points were not enough as the Heat missed 20 free throws in all.Miami had won 16-of-17 against Toronto coming in and had been pretty dominant against the rest of the league as well, making four straight trips to to the NBA Finals in the LeBron James era, with two title wins. It is a strange thing to see a superpower crumble, but you just can’t replace a talent like James. Injuries to Chris Bosh and others didn’t help either.But the future looks bright for the Raptors, even if one of the young cornerstones — Valanciunas — picked up two early fouls, forcing an early exit for the third game in a row.It’s not a coincidence that Valanciunas has struggled defensively without old reliable Amir Johnson beside him. Johnson missed his fourth straight.Valanciunas could only play 10 minutes before fouling out, giving a dismissive thumbs up to the officiating staff as he made his way to the bench.The Heat led by two after three quarters in a truly ugly contest, marred by non-stop parades to the free throw line for both sides and the fourth was tight all the way through, but the Raptors did enough to pull it out.“We got some timely stops,” Williams said of the final minutes.“Our two captains did a great job. I looked up and Kyle had three or four big rebounds in a row where we got stops. DeMar made some big shots like the and-one we needed it. And I made that shot at the end. I think everybody did what they’re supposed to.”The Raptors were coming off of a tight, 101-99 win in Orlando the night before.DeRozan scored 29 in that one and found Williams for the game-winning three-pointer.
When the National Troupe of Nigeria decided to stage the musical titled, “Spectacle’’, the first thought was:  “Why spectacle?’’ For any theatre artiste, spectacle as a title is as commonplace as drama, comedy or song. But looking at the content of the four-part piece, it is a mirror of the Nigerian state and there really is no better word to describe it other than spectacle. Naturally, the view on stage was beautiful. For the first time in a long while, people were turned back at the door of the cinema hall two where the performance took place. The hall was full beyond its capacity and it was pointless to admit more persons to occupy the aisle. That was good news. There was a time when brilliant performances would only attract a few but last Easter held a different tale for the theatre.The performances began with the group performance of Nigerian folk-songs. Songs transporting the audience from Ilaje to Tiv and Fulani land, making a detour along the coast of cross river to head for the eastern side, were performed. They were richly covered in descriptive costumes, some traditional while others are contemporary. The sight was not a bore rather it was a reminder of the beauty in our national unity which is the theme of the performance.It was not just the tribal diversities that were showcased. The varieties of artistic elements of the African performance space were explored such as dance, songs, narratives, mime, masks and chants. Individual performances shone through the group performance. According to Shuaibu Husseini, who is a member of the National Troupe, some of the artists joined the troupe for different reasons. Those who came in as singers ended up dancing or drumming. The point is that the troupe trains artists to be well-rounded. If the performances were anything to go by, one could safely conclude that there are less limitations to what can be performed on stage. National theatre has been known for fully-scripted drama, performed in the same old strait-jacket framework for performing art. But, the variety show allowed for self-development and limitless talent display.Consider the couple, who are actually couple in real life, who performed the acrobatic dance cum ballet. They told their story through dance and movements. From their view, the marital union is a continuous performance requiring duo effort to sustain. Trust is a crucial element for the marriage institution to survive. In the dance, the husband would suspend the wife in the air with his legs and turn her around and between his legs to the audience’s astonishment. The wife would exercise trust to make this possible. In reality, a lot of decisions may be taken by the husband that could alter the life of the wife. It may take the wife’s trust to support the husband on such decisions and the end result will look like a perfect finish, even if it isn’t. That was the nature of the expressive duo performance.Have you seen obsession yet? Well, it came in form of a dancer on stage that evening. After a group performance, this dance freak kept at it and she was simply electrifying. Her husband in the sketch tried to stop her so that they could go home but she wouldn’t budge. Eventually, the husband joined her in the dance and led her home cleverly. Maybe that is another marital tip expressed in dance that even when the wife is stubborn, the husband may have to stoop to conquer. The artistic director and CEO, National Troupe of Nigeria, Akin Adejuwon, was thankful to the President, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan for his unwavering support for the theatre. He also commended the cast and crew for their commitment to the production in making it a success.
WASHINGTON - Hillary Clinton is expected to announce her candidacy for US president Sunday, ending prolonged speculation that she once again seeks to become the first woman elected to the White House.Seven years after her bitter nomination defeat to Barack Obama, the former secretary of state and one-time first lady would enter the race as the Democratic Party's overwhelming favorite, as Clinton and her rivals gird for a bruising, 18-month campaign slog.Her announcement is expected to be delivered via social media -- perhaps in a tweet -- and accompanied by a campaign kickoff video highlighting her economy-focused political philosophy, according to US news outlets citing sources close to Clinton operations.It is likely to trigger a donor deluge from a vast network of supporters who have long waited for her to officially enter the race, a move that would allow them to contribute directly to her 2016 election effort.Clinton's campaign-in-waiting has organized for months behind the scenes, bringing on key staffers and advisors, plotting outreach operations and strategizing.On Saturday, the campaign team hunkered down in Clinton headquarters in Brooklyn, New York, where upcoming campaign manager Robby Mook reportedly delivered a memo to staff urging teamwork in the months ahead."We are a diverse and talented family... and have each other's backs," the memo states, according to Politico, perhaps in an effort to avoid the infighting among top aides that marred Clinton's 2008 run.The 2016 campaign goal, the memo adds, is "to give every family, every small business, and every American a path to lasting prosperity by electing Hillary Clinton the next president of the United States."On Saturday, she earned high praise from Obama himself."She was a formidable candidate in 2008. She was a great supporter of mine in the general election. She was an outstanding secretary of state. She is my friend," Obama said at a regional summit in Panama."I think she would be an excellent president."Her Sunday announcement is expected to be followed by low-key campaign swings through Iowa and New Hampshire, states that hold the first votes early next year to determine the parties' nominees.Clinton, 67, already has a team of organizers in Iowa, a fertile political proving ground ahead of national elections.After the campaign launch, Clinton should "jump on a bus and barnstorm through Iowa touching all 99 counties and meet with people in cafes and other small venues" as she reintroduces herself to Americans, Iowa State University professor Steffen Schmidt told AFP.The one-time US senator and wife of former president Bill Clinton leads opinion polls among Democrats, some 60 percent of whom say they would vote for her in the primaries, according to the website RealClearPolitics.A humble approach may help dispel doubts about Clinton raised in recent weeks, after it was revealed she used a private email account while secretary of state from 2009 to 2013.But she could face uncomfortable questions about the issue from voters, including why she deleted thousands of emails that she described as personal, then wiped her server clean.Clinton would be the biggest political headliner to enter the race, although not the first.Conservative Republican Senator Ted Cruz, 44, made a splashy presidential campaign launch last month, and on April 7 fellow Senator Rand Paul, a libertarian-leaning first-term Republican, threw his hat in the ring.Clinton's rollout may well steal the thunder of another Republican senator aiming for the White House, Marco Rubio, who is scheduled on Monday to make his own all-but-certain campaign declaration.Ex-Florida governor Jeb Bush, son and brother of two presidents, is exploring a run and would be considered a Republican frontrunner should he enter the fray.
At around 4.30pm on Saturday at Augusta National golf club, a mighty roar signalled the news the golfing world had feared would never come. Tiger Woods was back, mixing it with the best and proving he was capable of increasing his haul of 14 majors some time soon.Woods had just holed from four metres for birdie on one of Augusta's most magnificent holes, the 13th, after being in a seemingly impossible position off the tee. As the crowd cheered, he pumped his fist. And when he collected the ball from the bottom of the cup, he pumped his fist again. That birdie took him to seven under par and although Jordan Spieth was still galloping away in the distance, it was clear Woods had refound his mojo.The dozen deep crowd was so lost in the occasion that several lost all sense of perspective. Later, as Woods stood over a putt for a birdie on the 17th that would have taken him to eight under, one suggested: "This could be the tournament clincher."He missed and bogeyed 18, but that was of little consequence.Woods finished his third round in a tie for fifth, a distant 10 shots behind Spieth, but it is clear he is delighted with how his return to competitive golf after nine weeks has gone. He had improved his score in each of his first three rounds (73-69-68) and recorded his first consecutive sub-70 scores here since 2005, the last time he won at Augusta."I've gotten better each day," said Woods, who hasn't won a tournament since 2013 and a major since 2008. "I'd give myself a good grade."I had my chances to make this a really special round. A realistic score would have been six or seven (under), they way I played."What I've done all week has been pretty good, from where I've come from."Having to change my entire release pattern. People have no idea how hard that is to do."To come back here and to play a major championship and be in the mix. I'm happy."There is a growing feeling at Augusta that golf is healthier now than it has been for several years - and that will be boosted further by Woods' re-emergence."We need Tiger to be playing great," said world No.6 Adam Scott.  "It's good for golf. A lot of guys are playing really well. And I think we need him up there, as well. It makes the game what it is."It was somewhat ironic that Woods signalled his return as a force paired with a player whose company he'd prefer not to keep.The animosity between Woods and Sergio Garcia goes back to the 1999 US PGA championship, in which Woods beat the Spaniard by a shot. Since then they have clashed several times, notably two years ago, culminating in Garcia insulting Woods by saying if he came round for dinner he'd serve him fried chicken.Before they reunited, Garcia was at pains to play down any suggestion there would be friction.'@TigerWoods and I might not be best friends but we do respect each other and that respect will stay the same today!' he tweeted.The pair barely seemed to exchange a word and walked well apart on almost every fairway. Woods distanced himself from his long-time rival on the scoreboard as well, beating him by three shots.Afterwards Garcia admitted that he likes to "chit chat a little bit" but said he and Woods simply exchanged pleasantries. "Mainly it was saying good shot, well done, good putt, good birdie. Things like that. Normal stuff, but I thought we were both very good. It was the way it should be."Everybody makes this a bigger deal than it is for us," he said.One senses any issue with the relationship is a bigger deal for Garcia than it is for Woods.The American was scheduled for another blockbuster pairing on the final day, with world No.1 Rory McIlroy. And if either was to make a charge, Spieth said he knew he'd hear about it.
The mother of a heavily pregnant teenager killed when her fiance crashed their car is devastated after a charge against the P-plate driver was dropped yesterday.Shona Leigh Caley, 19, and her unborn baby girl were killed when 18-year-old Alex John Riley allegedly lost control of their Mitsubishi Lancer on a bend on Brookton Highway and hit a tree on February 24 last year.Ms Caley was seven months pregnant and the couple had just been in Perth celebrating the impending birth of their first daughter at a baby shower with family and friends.They were returning to their home in Corrigin when the car driven by Mr Riley left the road, rolled several times and crashed into a tree.Almost three months after the crash, Mr Riley was charged with dangerous driving in circumstances which resulted in a death.But in Perth Magistrate's Court yesterday, prosecutors discontinued the charge against Mr Riley.Ms Caley's mother Jen Higgins said she did not understand why Mr Riley was able to get away "scot-free" when the crash had claimed the lives of her daughter and unborn granddaughter."All I know is he is getting on with his life," Ms Higgins said."He has never said sorry."Ms Higgins said the past year had been hard. She said the decision by prosecutors to drop the charge had revived the trauma of Ms Caley's death and left the family feeling that they had been denied justice."There is not much that we can do but try to put the pieces back together and get on with our lives without Shona," she said. "We have spent the last 12 months trying to repair ourselves and it is not going to happen."It would have been her 21st this year, but I don't get to spend her 21st with her. It is every Christmas, it is each Easter and birthdays and Mother's Day. But he gets to spend his with his family."A statement from the Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions said that "on the available evidence, the DPP concluded there were no reasonable prospects of conviction".Mr Riley declined to comment when he left court.'All I know is he is getting on with his life. He has never said sorry.' "Shona Leigh Caley's mother
Two young girls were hurt after a Holden Commodore crashed through their home in Mirrabooka early this morning.Police are investigating the crash into a house on Mellidora Circle in Mirrabooka around 3am.A family of seven - three adults and 4 children - were asleep in the house when the driver of a Holden Commodore lost control and crashed through the living room of the house.Two girls aged eight and nine were asleep in the living room at the time and were narrowly missed by the vehicle.They both received bruising and lacerations and were taken to Princess Margaret Hospital for treatment. They were released a few hours later.The house received extensive structural damage during the incident.Police allege the male driver of the vehicle – a 22-year old of Girrawheen - fled the scene but was apprehended by officers at a nearby residence. He is being treated in hospital for minor injuries, and once released, will be questioned by police.Police are investigating whether alcohol was a factor in the crash.LATESTTOURISTS CHARGED WITH QUOKKA CRUELTYWA HAS TO BE WILLING TO REFORM: CORMANNTEACHER'S BODY TO UNDERGO FORENSIC TESTSUS AND CUBAN LEADERS IN FIRST MEETING IN HALF-CENTURY
And so the Melbourne Victory juggernaut keeps rolling along. Impervious. Imperious. As we head towards the climax of a season that will leave more questions than answers, the Victory have once again comfortably drawn the biggest crowds (average 25,626), and will end up making the most money. Excellence brings its own rewards.Sydney FC may be making some encouraging moves, but it's the Victory who continue to set the benchmark. They're a bigger business, and a better business, than some AFL clubs in town. With a market value of around $30 million, the Victory are proof that if the right people make the right decisions at the right time, running an A-League club can be made to work. In the wake of the salary cap scandal that has engulfed Perth Glory, the contrast could hardly be more pronounced.It may be that the Victory, with perhaps some help from the Sky Blues, will end up putting an exclamation mark on a season that has tapered off dramatically since the Asian Cup. A grand final at ANZ Stadium between the two traditional heavyweights would certainly lighten the mood of those who fret about the A-League's viability, although the four other finalists would undoubtedly disagree.The top six, of course, has now been decided thanks to Football Federation Australia's heavy sanctions on the Glory, but the minor premiership hasn't. The Victory are in pole position with a game in hand over the Sky Blues and a vastly superior goal difference, and few would begrudge them a third Premier's Plate.For a club of their size, six years without a trophy is a lifetime. Neutrals have admired  the football they've produced (they've scored more goals than anyone else) but they've struggled to handle the pressure – never more so than against the Jets last Friday. The nerves have been especially surprising given Kevin Muscat was one of the best big-game players we've ever produced.For all that, the Victory remain well on course for a third championship, and a first title for Muscat as coach. The former Socceroos firebrand was groomed for the role well before he stopped playing, which again underlines the benefit of taking a long-term approach. Some might argue that the Victory can afford to ride the peaks and troughs better than most, but stability often brings success – eventually. Could impatience have been a factor in the Glory's creative accounting? Perhaps.Success for the Victory this season – of all seasons – would be a timely reminder to the other owners who are agitating to change the world without changing themselves. In theory, Victory chairman Anthony de Pietro represents the clubs in discussions with the FFA. In practice, he's finding himself more isolated among his peers because he prefers a more measured view. My advice to de Pietro? Don't change.In the NSL era, there was a moment in time when Marconi Stallions could have pushed themselves to a level way beyond their rivals.They didn't. Tony Labbozzetta, their chairman, would often say he had to compromise his ambitions in order to protect the weaker clubs. Look where that got the Stallions, and the NSL. There's a warning there.Of course, for economic, geographic, and demographic reasons, some clubs simply can't measure up to the Victory. But that doesn't mean the Victory should lower their standards to bridge the gap. The best thing for the A-League is if the other clubs raise theirs.
Big deal: Captain-in-waiting Henderson is likely to sign by season's endJordan Henderson is ready to commit his long-term future to Liverpool by signing a new £100,000-a-week deal.Sunday Mirror Sport understands the deadlock over a new contract for the man set to succeed Steven Gerrard as the Kop captain has been broken in the last few days.Midfielder Henderson, who has just over a year left on his current deal, turned down an £80,000-a-week offer as he wanted a package that reflected his growing influence at the club.It now seems likely he will seal the four-year deal by the end of the season.It is a major boost for boss Brendan Rodgers, who is still reeling from Raheem Sterling’s refusal to accept a new contract also worth £100,000 a week - and the 20-year-old’s TV interview suggesting his decision was based on ambition.Liverpool are reluctant to increase their offer – especially as they are likely to take a financial hit on £16million misfit Mario Balotelli.Roberto Mancini, who worked with the Italian striker at Inter Milan and Manchester City, is back in charge at Inter and ready to offer Balotelli another lifeline.Mancini will be given funds but Inter want the 24-year-old on loan - given Liverpool’s failed gamble.
Hot wheels: Hamilton still topped qualifying despite the uncomfortable glitchLewis Hamilton is used to being in an Formula 1 hot-seat but on Saturday it left him with a toasted backside, writes Byron Young in ShanghaiA leaking pipe or possibly an earthed wire turned the temperature sky high under world champion Hamilton's highly-sculpted, £5,000 moulded Kevlar seat and had him pleading on the team radio for a solution.“It was so hot it feels like my bum had a whooping [beating],” said Hamilton.The source of the rocketing temperature had Mercedes’ expensively assembled team of engineers scratching their heads late into the night here at the Chinese Grand Prix.But Hamilton insisted even the extreme heat would not prevent him becoming champion.“If you win, you can take anything,” added the Englishman.Champion: Lewis Hamilton on the podium after winning the F1 world title last year“Sometimes you have heat coming into the car and your ankles get warm and sometimes the tubes from the radiators and the wires in the cockpit start getting warm.“This time, I have also changed the seat which had less insulation and it was getting kind of warm. It doesn't burn through the overalls, but it gets pretty hot."Top of the pile: Hamilton on pole after Chinese Grand Prix qualifying, ahead of Nico Rosberg and Sebastien VettelNot as hot as it is getting in team-mate Nico Rosberg's cockpit as Hamilton topped qualifying for the third race in succession.The frustrated German missed out on pole by just 4/100ths of a second.
Struggles: Bony has found it hard to reach top form since move from SwanseaWilfried Bony has written off this season – and promised Manchester City fans they’ll see the real deal next term, writes Steve Bates in the Sunday People.The Ivory Coast striker has endured a frustrating spell since his £28million January move from Swansea with Africa Cup of Nations duty and injury hampering his bid to hit the ground running.The 26-year-old striker misses Sunday’s Manchester derby at Old Trafford with ankle and knee injuries – but he’s vowed to be firing on all cylinders next season.“Yes it’s been very frustrating, first because of injury and second because we are not winning games,” he said.“No one expects you to be 100 per cent in the first few weeks. I’m working very hard to get it back.Goal: Bony has scored 10 times in the league this season - but nine were for Swansea"It’s not coming as I would have expected and it’s not 100 per cent yet but I hope to get quicker and score more.“I still want to do something this season but next season I will be very good.”Bony revealed that fellow countryman Yaya Toure played a role in his move to Manchester City.“He told me it would be the perfect club for me,” he said. “He said there was a lot of competition among the strikers but he told me he knew what I could do.”
© 2015 Copyright France 24 – All rights reserved France 24 is not responsible for the content of external websites
Beyonce has announced that she’s at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival by sharing a little clip of herself standing in front of her private jet.The Single Ladies star surprised festival goers last year when she made a surprise appearance during her little sister Solange Knowles’ set at the Gobi tent.And it looks like Coachella has a repeat visitor!On Saturday, ahead of day two at the festival, Beyonce shared a Instagram post of herself standing in front of her private jet, along with the caption: “Coachella”.The star also posted an aerial view of Palm Springs in the desert to her account.It looks like the star is flying solo for the festival and without her hubby Jay Z.Earlier this week, the hip hop mogul shared a snippet from his and Beyonce's wedding.The rapper and his beau tied the knot seven years ago in a private ceremony, and he revealed a short clip from their special day.The couple are seen getting celebrating in the video - the first time many fans will get an insight into the nuptials - as they stand gazing into each other's eyes.We also get to see the moving moment Jay slid the ring onto his wife's finger - it's so cute!The short clip ends with the newlyweds walking back down the aisle as they are showered with confetti.Meanwhile, the happy couple were recently in Hawaii for a romantic trip, and two fellow diners politely interrupted their casual dinner as the couple showed how down to earth they are.Holidaymaker James Brennan captured his nine-year-old daughter chatting to the superstars - and revealed she asked them for pointers on singing at her school talent show. Awww.James posted the picture to Instagram with the caption: "#EllieAngeline asking the Queen @beyonce and #JayZ for pointers on singing at her school talent show next week!! #Hualalai"According to The Huffington Post, Single Ladies songstress Beyonce told the cute youngster to stay focused and to try not to get too nervous. That's easy for her to say!Bey was pictured wearing pink flowers in her hair and she was dressed in a white crop-top which flashed a hint of skin.
Gwyneth and Chris: Fortune split down the middleGwyneth Paltrow and husband Chris Martin are to split their £200million fortune straight down the middle.The A-list couple, who are to divorce a year after revealing they were “consciously uncoupling”, will also share custody of their children Apple, 10, and Moses, nine.Gwyneth, 42, will remain in the family home in the LA suburb of Brentwood.Chris, 38, will live in a beachside mansion in Malibu – just four miles away.The Coldplay frontman will spend most of his time in the States so he can be close to his children.Friends say the couple, who wed in 2003, are determined not to fall out over money.A source said: “They’re worth pretty much the same amount so are planning to halve ­everything."They have too much dignity to row about who has what, who should have the most money and who should see most of the kids.“From the moment they decided to go their separate ways, they decided they would not allow the world to see them fight over money."Now they are both moving on with their lives, they see no need to complicate things – they are just keeping it nice and simple.”Gwyneth is dating Glee producer Brad Falchuk, 44, and the pair were recently seen together at Robert Downey Jnr’s 50th birthday party.The actress lives less than a mile from Brad’s ex-wife, TV producer Suzanne Bukinik, the mother of his two children.Both women use the same local shops and restaurants.Chris has been linked to Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence, 24.Spokesmen for Chris and Gwyneth declined to comment.
Holders Paris Saint-Germain lifted the first silverware of the French season with a comprehensive 4-0 win over 10-men Bastia in the League Cup final on Saturday.In a repeat of the 1995 final, a first half brace by Zlatan Ibrahimovic, completed by Edinson Cavani's second half double, kept Ligue 1 leaders PSG in the hunt for an unprecedented quadruple.Laurent Blanc's side face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter final first leg on Wednesday and tackle Auxerre next month in the French Cup final.It took Blanc's men just 21 minutes to find the back of the net after Bastia defender Sebastien Squillaci was harshly sent off for taking Ezequiel Lavezzi down inside the box, with Ibrahimovic converting from the spot.The Swedish forward scored his tenth goal in just five games a few minutes before half-time, controlling Mathieu Peybernes' poor headed clearance before lashing a shot inside the bottom corner.Cavani added a third with a superb header, finding himself at the end of Serge Aurier's cross.The Uruguay striker grabbed his 20th goal of the season and put the final nail in the Corsican side's coffin in injury time thanks to a brilliantly-timed pass by Ibrahimovic that sent him through on goal.Against a team currently sitting in 14th, five points above the relegation zone, PSG secured their fifth win in the competition after lifting the trophy in 1995, 1998, 2008 and 2014.With no time for celebrations, PSG will now turn to Barcelona, whom they host at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday.They can then focus on national competition as they top Ligue 1 with seven matches to play and face Auxerre in the final of the French Cup on May 30.
There are few things more exciting for an AFL fan than your team unearthing a hidden gem, but that may be what St Kilda have got in Josh Bruce.Recruited as a defender from Greater Western Sydney in exchange for a draft pick the Giants didn't even use, Bruce played the game of a lifetime on Saturday against Gold Coast.Lining up in the Saints' forward line for the second match running, Bruce tore the Suns apart as he picked up a career-best six goals in the 28-point win at Metricon Stadium.The long-haired 22-year-old had only kicked nine goals in his past 25 games but kicked four alone in the second term as the Saints ran rampant over the Suns.Bruce's majors were highlighted by strong contested marks on Suns' defenders Rory Thompson, Steven May and Sam Day while he threw in a couple of left-footed checkside goals as well.In total Bruce snared eight marks - six contested - and even used some clever hands to feed Jack Sinclair for the youngster's first AFL goal.The hope now is Bruce will be able to help lift the burden on Saints captain Nick Riewoldt in the forward line.Riewoldt's lone hand for the Saints in recent times is highlighted by Bruce's haul being the most goals by a St Kilda player other than the skipper since Stephen Milne's eight goals in round 18, 2011."I didn't even notice during the game," Bruce told AAP."They just kept kind of falling my way. It was just one of those days."Hopefully I can keep giving a good contest week-in, week-out and hopefully take a few more."After being largely frustrated by his defensive role at the Giants, Bruce says he's determined to make his move forward a permanent one."I probably feel more comfortable forward," he said."Obviously I can give a good contest down back but I feel I can naturally feel my game up forward."It's a work in progress but making good steps."
Whether interim head coach Tony Walmsley is calling the shots from the bench or not next A-League season, he is planning for Central Coast to punch above their weight as risk-takers and entertainers.Walmsley had his second win as Mariners coach when they defeated Western Sydney Wanderers 1-0 on Saturday night.A second-minute goal from Josh Rose proved the difference in an open and entertaining match that was the final home game for retiring foundation player John Hutchinson and striker Matt Simon.It was the sixth match since Walmsley, the long-time Central Coast youth mentor, switched from technical director to head coach after the sacking of Phil Moss.There is mounting speculation Walmsley will stay on next season and he did rule out the possibility."I'm enjoying it thoroughly at the moment," Walmsley said."I think as technical director, it's allowed me to get a first-hand look at the players and to actually live and breathe the first steps of a proactive and entertaining playing style, and it's really enjoyable."I'm in this for the players and to see the results of their efforts."And to see them rewarded and feel good ... when I came in they weren't feeling too good about themselves. So that's the bit I'm most pleased with."He said he would gain great satisfaction in doing the job or recruiting the right person but believed it was vital for the new coach to foster an exciting style of play."We're in the entertainment business and we have to really, as a Mariners club, the smallest club in the league, play with an expansive, risky, adventurous playing style," he said."There's a lot more sophistication to be had. It's a very rudimentary work in progress at the moment, but there's really good signs."Despite two minor premierships, one major title and four grand final appearances across 10 seasons, the club has traditionally struggled financially.Walmsley quipped when asked about the Perth Glory salary cap penalty that: "I'm pretty sure the Mariners are not breaking any salary cap rules".But despite the financial restrictions in recruitment, Walmsley believes the Mariners need to take risks with what they have to wow fans and he was encouraged by the display against Wanderers which came after a 6-1 loss to Brisbane. "There was almost an expectation that, 'Hang on, we've just been beaten 6-1, I wonder if we are going to take a more cautious approach for the next game?" he said."That's not the way we are going to play football anymore. We're going to put a peg in the ground and, home and way, big teams, small teams, marquee players or whatever, we're going to be going for it."The players have an appetite for that. They want to do that. They need to be shown how, there's more sophistication required, but that's the fun bit."The Mariners play Wellington away on Friday then finish the season on the road against Melbourne Victory.
The  Lions survived a stoppage-time scare to defeat the harks 23-21 Saturday and secure a Super Rugby top-six place for the first time this season.After building a nine-point lead early in the second half of the ninth-round clash, the Johannesburg Lions looked set for a South African derby victory before being rattled by a late Sharks comeback.Substitute prop Thomas du Toit barged over for a try two minutes from time which fly-half Fred Zeilinga converted, leaving just two points between the sides before a 38,000 Ellis Park crowd.And the visitors from Durban had a chance to snatch victory after the full-time hooter sounded when awarded a 57-metre penalty close to the touchline.Zeilinga, deputising for injured Springbok Patrick Lambie, had the distance but not the accuracy with his kick sailing to the right of the post.It would have been cruel blow had the Lions lost as they dominated the second half, starving the Sharks of possession.But poor goal-kicking by fly-half Elton Jantjies, who succeeded with only three of seven shots prevented the hosts building a commanding lead.Substitute back Howard Mnisi, scrum-half Faf de Klerk and centre Harold Vorster scored a try each for the Lions, who trailed 14-11 after a frenetic opening half.Like Jantjies, Zeilinga had a mixed evening when it came to kicking at goal, missing all three penalty attempts.Victory lifted the Lions four places to sixth, the last play-off spot.It was the fifth win in six outings for the Johannesburg outfit, who were considered likely whipping boys when the season began two months ago.Sharks picked up a losing bonus point and remained eighth on the combined standings.LIONS 23 (Faf de Klerk, Howard Mnisi, Harold Vorster tries Elton Jantjies con 2 pens) bt SHARKS 21 (Renaldo Bothma, Thomas du Toit, Lwazi Mvovo tries Fred Zeilinga 3 cons) at Ellis Park. Referee: Stuart Berry. Crowd: 37,184.
A group of six Greenpeace activists, including an Australian, protesting on a rig travelling to the Arctic have spent their first night in cold conditions.Six Greenpeace activists, including an Australian, have spent their first night on a Shell oil rig in the Pacific Ocean.The group climbed on board the 38,000-tonne Polar Pioneer platform, 1200km northwest of Hawaii, on Tuesday morning.The Polar Pioneer is being transported on a vessel called Blue Marlin.The protesters have a website and are regularly using Twitter to promote their campaign against drilling for oil in the Arctic.The group plans to stay on the rig "for the long haul," one of the group, New Zealander Johno Smith, told NZME via satellite phone.He said the group were enduring cold weather but were coping well.Australian Zoe Lennox, 21, on Tuesday tweeted she was "safe and secure" on the rig.The other activists are from Germany, the US, Sweden and Austria.They travelled to the platform on the Greenpeace ship Esperanza and have supplies to camp for several days, sleeping in hammocks.They're hoping to highlight Shell's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic in less than 100 days.Shell confirmed on Tuesday that the protesters had boarded the platform."[They're] jeopardising not only the safety of the crew on board, but the protesters themselves," United States spokeswoman Kelly op de Weegh said.Ms op de Weegh said Shell had met with organisations and individuals who oppose energy exploration offshore Alaska."We respect their views and value the dialogue."We will not, however, condone the illegal tactics employed by Greenpeace. Nor will we allow these stunts to distract from preparations under way to execute a safe and responsible exploration program."
Cadbury has given the V sign to fans of its most popular teatime treat.It has quietly cut its traditional pack of 24 chocolate fingers to just 22.And the price has gone UP despite it being two digits short and 11 grams lighter.The move will further anger Cadbury lovers infuriated when Creme Eggs packs were cut from six to five earlier this year.Chocs away: Cadbury's Creme Eggs have been cut from six to fiveFavourite choc bars such as Mars, Cadbury Dairy Milk, Snickers and Yorkie have already been downsized, with makers insisting shoppers prefer smaller products to higher prices. But the practice has been blasted by consumer watchdogs.Burton’s, the firm that makes Cadbury’s biscuit products, says stores have been asked to reduce the recommended price of the new 114g chocolate fingers.But research by mySupermarket shows the old 125g pack, worth £45million a year in sales, cost around £1.19 last year while the 114g one sells at an average £1.43.It cost £1.50 at Sainsbury’s. Cadbury has also sliced two chunks from its Dairy Milk bar and reduced sweets in Roses tins.No illusion: Nestle have cut Black Magic from 376g to 348gThe Sunday Mirror also discovered other downsizing. Burton’s has reduced its Cadbury Collection biscuits from 380g to 335g while Fabulously Fox’s biscuits shrank from 650g to 600g. Nestle cut Black Magic from 376g to 348g while Terry’s Chocolate Segsations dropped 330g to 300g.A Burton’s spokeswoman confirmed the fingers pack weight reduction but would not say how many fingers each box contained. She claimed they were cheaper than ever.Richard Lloyd of consumer group Which? said: “Shrinking products can be a sneaky way of putting up costs for consumers because pack sizes shrink but the prices don’t. It’s now time for action on dodgy pricing practices.”
So how do you realise you have this talent? Are there competitions for strong teeth?Maybe this guy trained himself on smaller farmhouse animals such as goats and sheep before trying out on the donkey.MORE: Biker saved from being crushed after people lift lorry off himOne can only guess that a small calf is the next stage in his career with a fully grown bull as the ultimate prize.While watching this video may give you toothache, it must be a better watch than the weird men who lift things using their testicles.
Is the Government in Order to make such a declaration? Part 1Cancer awareness drive; Rally to make a difference in people living with cancerChiromo day 10; Closure for some families as 20 more bodies released.Fresh police recruitment shatters hopes of those recruited in 2014
Finding happiness: Aimee West, fiancee of Lee Rigby, who has struck up a close bond with a cadet majorThe fiancée of murdered soldier Lee Rigby has struck up a close bond with a cadet major 27 years her senior.Aimee West, 24, has found happiness with father-of-three Major Paul Draper, 51, a friend of Drummer Rigby, who attended his funeral.Aimee was devastated in 2013 when Lee was hacked to death in the street outside his army barracks in Woolwich, south-east London.But in recent months she and Major Draper have been on several dates.“I like to see Aimee” he said. “We are very good friends and we enjoy each other’s company.”A source said: “If anyone deserves to be happy, it’s Aimee. She’s had a dreadful time. She’ll never forget Lee – he was so important to her, but everyone wants her to be happy.“Paul is a lot older than Aimee but he’s been there for her since Lee died.”Major Draper – a well respected and decorated member of the Middlesex and North West Army Cadet Force – parted from his long-term partner last November.He was previously married to the mother of his three children.He and former Royal Military Policewoman Aimee, who have known each other for a number of years, then struck up a close friendship.Our source said: “They’ve been to a number of functions together held by the cadets, and it’s common knowledge they’re dating.”Tributes: A boy lays a floral tribute at the scene of fusilier Lee Rigby's murder on the first anniversary of his death on May 22Aimee is planning to run the London ­Marathon later this month in honour of Lee and the armed forces charity SSAFA.In a posting on JustGiving called Remembering Lee Rigby, Aimee writes: “So after raising so much money last year for the SSAFA’s Lee Rigby fund I thought I’d give it another go but on home soil.”So far, more than £25,000 has been donated by well-wishers.In an interview in November last year Aimee spoke movingly about life without Lee, who was just 25 when he died.Widow: Lee Rigby's ex-wife Rebecca attended the unveiling of a memorial in Middleton in MarchShe said: “Lee’s just there all the time. I talk to him all the time. He was so crazy, so outgoing. As soon as he turned up, everyone knew he was there because he was energetic and fast-paced, and like nobody else I ever met. He was just so alive.”Aimee, a staff sergeant with 19 Company of the ACF, met Lee in August 2012 at an army cadet training camp in Sennybridge, South Wales.Lee, who had been married and had a two-year-old son Jack, was attached to a cadet unit led by Major Draper’s ex-partner.Over the following months, Lee and Aimee fell in love, and he proposed.In May 2013, Aimee was coming to the end of a three-month deployment in Camp Bastion in Afghanistan and was looking forward to planning their wedding. But her desperate attempts to contact Lee in Manchester for a scheduled chat were in vain.Father: Lee Rigby, with son Jack, had three childrenRadicalised killers Michael Adebolajo , 29, and Michael Adebowale, 22, had mown him down in the street before hacking him to death in broad daylight outside his army barracks.Armed with a meat cleaver and a gun, they targeted Lee because he was wearing a Help For Heroes hoodie.They claimed their heinous act was revenge for the killing of Muslims by British armed forces.Both were found guilty of murder and given life sentences.Killer: Michael Adebolajo clutching a knife in a bloodied hand following the murder of RigbyIn an interview last year, Aimee said: “All I can think about is the time me and Lee were together. I’ve got to keep his memory alive and I need to focus on making sure I don’t spiral out of control.”She added: “I remain devastated by his death but he totally won my heart, so he will always be part of me.”Last month Major Draper comforted Aimee when she attended a service at St Paul’s Cathedral to honour fallen soldiers in Afghanistan.A source said: “Aimee still struggles with the loss of Lee, and when she went to the service for Afghanistan she found it twice as hard – she lost friends during the war.“But Paul has been there to help her through. They’re really close.”
Eating behind the wheel, shaving, applying makeup, doing the crossword -- even tooting a trumpet.Bad as distracted driving once was in Canada, it was tame old-school stuff compared to the gadgets competing now for drivers' attention and, increasingly, killing them and others.Now, think texting a short novella to your BFF.Think yakking on your smartphone, updating your Facebook status or playing air guitar as you shuffle your iPod for tunes.It's so bad many police forces routinely stake out busy intersections to pick off the scofflaws red-handed.Little wonder frustrated police are pleading for a return to old-fashioned common sense and safety on the roads.Why? Because the safe-driving, hands-free messages just aren't taking.Too many drivers cast blind eyes -- or ones fixed to mini-screens -- to the dangers of piloting vehicles that can weigh close to two tonnes and rocket along at speeds of 100 km/h or more, covering vast distances in mere seconds.A scourge greased by the digital revolution with its explosion of attention-demanding devices, distracted driving was already a problem when provinces and states started writing it into their traffic law books years ago.Ontario, for one, had one of North America's toughest laws against distracted driving when it debuted in 2009, banning use of hand-held devices while driving and underlining that with fines ranging as high as $500.That was then; this is now.Distracted driving has since become the No. 1 killer on Ontario roads, its deaths expected to eclipse those from yesteryear's top killer, impaired driving, for the seventh straight year in 2015. So dramatic has the sea change been, annual crackdowns on distracted driving now loom as large as the roadside sobriety checks of old.Ontario is not the only place scrambling to keep up. It's trying to stiffen its distracted driving law with proposed legislation that would jack maximum fines up to $1,000 and slap offenders with three demerit points.The grim statistics on Ontario Provincial Police-patrolled roads speak for themselves, says OPP Sgt. Peter Leon."In 2013 we investigated 78 road fatalities related to distracted driving," he says. "That surpasses the 57 alcohol-caused deaths and 44 for driving at excess speeds, so it is now the No. 1 cause of death on our roads."In the first four years Ontario's law was on the books, from 2010 through 2013, nearly 251,000 charges were laid. That's the equivalent of a major city of drivers thumbing their noses at laws meant to protect both them and others."There is absolutely no reason for this and the resultant injuries and very preventable deaths," says Leon.So, what will it take for drivers to sit up and pay attention?Already, many driving schools focus more on distracted driving as the digital generation slips behind the wheel."We used to spend maybe three or four minutes on the subject," says Jean-Claude Madore, an instructor at the Ontario Driving School in London, Ont. "Now, it's a whole segment of our teaching program."Among the films the school shows students drivers "is a very compelling film of a 19-year-old Londoner who died doing this while driving," Madore says."Ten years ago we weren't that concerned with the smartphone, but now it seems everyone -- young and old -- is guilty."But is the intended audience listening, or just twiddling its texting thumbs?There are the hospital emergency room cases to attest to the bane, along with higher insurance premiums for the convicted."If you are convicted of a violation that involves anything from going through a stop sign to using a handheld device, it will be reflected on the premiums you pay," warns Pete Karageorgos of the Insurance Bureau of Canada.The industry group, on Twitter, has taken to the safety slogan, "Drive Now. Text Later. Live Longer.""You just need to stand on any street corner watching vehicles go by and within a minute or two, you're sure to see an individual breaking the law because he or she has got a phone in their hands while driving," says Karageorgos. "That's a big concern for us and should be for everyone."Leon's question is obvious: Why are so many drivers compelled to read inconsequential Twitter posts or to chit-chat online?"Not every message is that important and it's just not safe to split your attention in two or three ways," he says,But if tough laws, stern warnings, ghastly crash figures and costly fines aren't doing the trick, maybe it's time to up the ante by yanking offenders' licences or forcing them to qualify to drive all over again.Maybe then, we'll all get home in one piece.
Health officials say that more than 100 people in southeastern Indiana have tested positive for HIV, an expansion of an outbreak that caused the state to declare a health emergency last month.Health officials had said they expected the number of HIV cases in Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Ky., to rise ever since they discovered the problem. The spread of the virus, which causes AIDS, has been linked to the use of contaminated syringes and the painkiller Opana in the area.Almost all of the confirmed HIV cases have been from Austin, a rural city of about 4,200 people.“The fact that we now have more than 100 cases of HIV related to this outbreak speaks to the urgent need to raise awareness about injection drug use and its connection to HIV,” State Health Commissioner Jerome Adams said in a statement.The state declared an emergency after health officials reported more than 70 HIV-positive tests since December, far more than the five cases typically found in Scott County each year. There have now been 106 HIV-positive tests related to the outbreak, including 95 confirmed and 11 preliminary cases.Republican Gov. Mike Pence authorized a short-term needle exchange to fight the spread of HIV last month, an exception to the state’s conservative anti-drug policy barring programs that trade dirty needles for clean ones.The needle-exchange program, which is only for Scott County residents, gives out enough needles for one week based on reported drug use.A total of 437 syringes were turned in and 1,151 syringes were distributed by Thursday afternoon, the state’s health department said.The state also established a public awareness program to provide information on safe sex and needle disposal, as well as a hotline to sign up for HIV testing and treatment.For more national news, follow me on Twitter: @ParviniParlance
A security guard has been involved in a physical altercation at a Sydney shopping centre after asking a man and his six friends to leave the premises, police say.Police were called to Dixon Street in Haymarket just before 5pm on Saturday following reports of two men being injured.It is understood a security guard outside a shopping centre asked a man and his six friends to leave.A physical altercation followed which resulted in both men being injured.The 37-year-old security guard was treated by paramedics for cuts and bruising to his head.Meanwhile, a 21-year-old was arrested and taken to Royal Prince Alfred Hospital and also treated for a cut to his head and bruising.Police are trying to establish if the security guard was attacked by more than one person and why the guard asked the men to leave the shopping centre.Anyone with information should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
As he prepares to bid farewell to his loyal audience later this year, the face of RTHK's long-running City Forum has a word of advice for all the officials who have refused to join in the debate."You cannot force dissidents into the corner and leave them with nothing," Joseph Tse Chi-fung told the Sunday Morning Post. "You've got to listen and give them a chance - even if they break the rules."The veteran journalist, who has hosted and produced the public affairs programme for 12 years, has been "asked to retire" in October, when he turns 60. He had hoped to stay on at the public broadcaster.Tse said he had always taken a tolerant approach to the show, filmed live every Sunday in Victoria Park and which celebrates its 35th anniversary today.He was referring to the 30 or so regular members of the forum's rowdy park audience, ageing Beijing loyalists known as "Victoria Park uncles".Tse said the "uncles" were always given a chance to vent their spleens - usually heckling pro-democracy speakers and airing their patriotic views - during the hour-long show. They only got kicked out if they broke the rules, for example, by swearing, or if they did something like brandish a weapon, but even then they would only be banished for a short time, he said."These uncles are my people. I must protect their freedom of speech. In fact, the forum is like a microcosm of society. And I think the government should welcome a diversity of voices," Tse said.The show invites politicians, academics and public figures to discuss current issues, and the audience can take part in a Q&A session.But, much to his disappointment, Tse said far fewer officials had taken the microphone at the forum since the 1997 handover. He said Leung Chun-ying's administration seldom sent officials to the debate - whether the topic was constitutional reform or public finance.Tse made a point of this in 2012, when he placed an empty chair on the stage to mock Secretary for Education Eddie Ng Hak-kim after he declined Tse's invitation to join the discussion on whether patriotic classes should be made compulsory in schools.It was a move said to have annoyed broadcasting director Roy Tang Yun-kwong, a government administrative officer without media experience who took the helm at RTHK in 2011. The appointment was criticised by staff and he has faced accusations of political interference.Ahead of the forum's anniversary broadcast today, Tse acknowledged that the absence of younger faces in his regular audience was a worry.In 2010 the "uncles" were joined by a group of young "Victoria Park brothers", who breathed new life into the forum with their pro-democracy ideas and sharp wit. But it was short-lived, and by the next year they were nowhere to be seen."It was indeed unfortunate," Tse said with a sigh. "They came because they were discontented with the unjust political and economic systems. But they soon realised they could change nothing and left, disappointed."For Tse, there is another worry - his looming retirement. He said he had not expected the station's decision. Tse was not hired as a civil servant and thought RTHK's strict policy of requiring civil servant staff to retire at 60 would not apply to him.He was told in December that his contract would last only 10 months and he would have to retire at 60. "I thought I could have stayed on, like other veterans who are in their 70s or even 80s. I didn't realise. But I can't say whether this decision is right or wrong," he said."I've been in journalism all my life. If I have to leave, I will look for a job in journalism. But I won't retire," he said.
In festering cages, chickens being reared for food are forced to scrabble over the rotting flesh of other birds.These are the shocking scenes inside a squalid poultry farm which supplied meat to high street restaurants and shops.A Sunday Mirror investigation can lay bare the cruelty that was business as usual for Paul Flatman, the owner of Hawkshill Farm.The birds were so tightly packed together that many of them had died from heat stroke.As well as the horrific scenes inside, the disturbing images also show a mound of dead birds piled three-feet high in the yard.Inspectors found conditions so horrendous they could not establish an exact toll of dead birds – but estimated nearly 7,000 littered the farm at the time of their visit.For those still alive, feeding plates were covered in faeces while many were found pecking the rotting remains beneath their feet.The pictures came to light after a sickened ex-employee reported Flatman, handing over this haul of damning evidence.Describing conditions on the farm in Great Leighs, Essex, the whistleblower said: “It was horrendous. These chickens were living in their own faeces and he didn’t care.“We would tell him it was inhumane but he would just say, ‘If you don’t like it, find something else.’“I had a mortgage and bills to pay. There was no way out.”Inspectors from Essex Trading Standards visited the farm in 2012 after a tip-off. They said the “scale of putrefaction” made it impossible to count the dead birds.Flatman, 65, later admitted six animal welfare offences at Colchester magistrates court. He is due for sentence next month after the case was delayed by legal wrangling.His firm, Paul Flatman Ltd, went into administration in May 2013 with 40 staff being laid off.The business had supplied halal meat to shops and restaurants across the UK, including Birmingham, Gainsborough and London.It processed between 80,000 and 90,000 birds every week. The firm reported a £10million turnover in 2012, but a pre-tax loss of £82,000.Elisa Allen, of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, said: “Although sickening, the conditions are simply another level of hell for the gentle birds condemned to a life of suffering on poultry farms.“We can only hope the judge throws the book at him.”Steve Lynch, service manager at Essex County Council Trading Standards, said: “Consumers are entitled to expect the meat they buy has been humanely treated.“The discovery of nearly 7,000 dead chickens due to heat stroke in overcrowded conditions, some in a putrefied state, is a serious breach of animal welfare legislation.”Last year, Flatman paid £190,000 for Colchester’s “Jumbo” water tower, saying he hoped to build a restaurant on the top.
A blacksmith got a shock - when a client asked him to craft some Fifty Shades of Grey-style S&M torture equipment.The kinky request was a new one for the Adam Blockley, who makes 17th century armour."I didn't ask too many questions, to be honest," laughs the father-of-two, whose chain-mail business crafting is fast proving a global success.More orthodox orders come flooding in from Australia and the Netherlands, reports the Birmingham Mail.Adam recently celebrated scooping a lucrative order for pikes, breastplates and helmets from the soon-to-be-opened Civil War Centre in Newark, Nottinghamshire.He came up with the cast-iron business plan after being made redundant from his engineering job.A dedicated member of civil war re-enactment society Sealed Knot, Adam thought it was the ideal way of combining business with pleasure."I was doing it as a hobby," he explains, "making a few bits and pieces for friends."I've got a background in fine art, sculpture and blacksmithing, so it wasn't a total leap in the dark."He even hammered out a sword and helmet for 40-year-old wife Jocasta, who is also in Sealed Knot.Adam began work in a shed at the bottom of the garden, but now uses a workshop close to the site of the Battle of Edgehill.Now his work is much sought after by historical societies with more and more orders coming from abroad."On the continent you had the Thirty Years War, which took place around the same time as our civil war," says Adam."I use the same techniques as the 17th century armourers, and do a lot of research to get things right, even down to leaving hammer marks on munitions-grade breastplates."It is time-consuming, but I want to get things right."In the summer, when the forge is busy, it's hot; in the winter it gets chilly."But it's a rewarding job and something I'm passionate about."Ninety per cent of orders come from fellow re-enactors who need custom-sized gear.It's a long, painstaking process, with a pikeman's helmet taking two days to shape out of mild steel.Adam uses an original crimping technique to join the two halves.A breastplate can take 20 hours and cost around £400.He adds: "During the civil war such metal was reserved for the higher status soldiery, with the rank and file using softer iron."Paradoxically, the latter proved better at absorbing the impact of musket balls when used for breastplates – an early version of a bullet-proof vest."The civil war centre, set to open on May 3, is dedicated to the conflict which raged from 1638 to 1653, and has been boosted by a £3.5 million Heritage Lottery grant.
Former Ming Pao chief editor Kevin Lau Chun-to called for greater dialogue between young and old to mend the deepening rift in a society that is "more chaotic and difficult than before".Lau, who was seriously injured in a knife attack last year, was speaking at the Jesuit Education Forum held at his old school, Wah Yan College, in Wan Chai yesterday.He said the challenge for educators was how to equip the young generation with the values and skills they needed today."The world used to be more simple … [it] has since become a lot harder to explain … and much more chaotic and complicated," he said. "We need to go in, immerse ourselves in their world, to understand them."Lau recalled his own youth in the 1980s, when he said the world was more stable compared with today. "The China and Hong Kong a 40-year-old teacher knows is very different from the China and Hong Kong a 15-year-old student knows," he said.He added that dialogue between the generations was the only way to address serious divisions in society.Young people were at the forefront of the 79-day pro-democracy protests last year, and the city is also grappling with social issues including tensions with mainland visitors, a housing shortage and a huge wealth gap."The challenge for educators today is not just holding on to tradition, but how to instil in young people the maturity, relevant values and skills to deal with a more difficult world," Lau said.He told the audience to tolerate dissent: "If young people can agree to disagree, there is hope."Lau added that young people should not be so fast to delete friends from their Facebook accounts just because they disagreed with them.He also referred to his time as a student at the school, where he said he learned about tolerance, acceptance and equality."Thirty-four years ago, I had real experience of democracy when I ran for vice-chairman of the student association of Wah Yan. All students from Form Three or above can vote," he said, adding that he won the election.Former education secretary and Wah Yan student Michael Suen Ming-yeung also spoke, along with Father Jose Mesa, from the Society of Jesus, and Chris Lowney, an author, Jesuit and a former JP Morgan managing director.
The Tories are planning to axe the Navy’s flagship helicopter carrier as part of severe cost-cutting measures.The disclosure comes days after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon claimed a Labour government could not be trusted to fund the military properly and replace the Trident nuclear submarines.But senior defence sources say the Tories have listed HMS Ocean – the Navy’s amphibious assault ship and helicopter carrier – to be withdrawn from service in 2019.Details of the plan have emerged just a year after the Queen attended ­celebrations to rededicate HMS Ocean after a £65million refit at Devonport dockyard in Plymouth.The decommissioning of the ­helicopter carrier will leave the Navy and Royal Marines with just one operational assault ship because a second vessel has been mothballed.Experts say the cuts will hit Britain’s ability to mount assaults from the sea.A Navy official said: “No decision has been taken with respect to the future of HMS Ocean.”But a document placed in the House of Commons library says: “HMS Ocean will remain in service until 2019. There are no current plans to replace her.”Sources also claim David Cameron’s Tories have drawn up plans to sell 55 RAF Eurofighter Typhoons.The sale comes as the RAF are so short of aircraft they were forced to urge Mr Cameron to delay the retirement of the Tornados now attacking Islamic State in Iraq.An MoD spokesman said the aircraft were being replaced one-for-one with newer aircraft.The size of the Army has also been slashed by 20,000 and it now has just 82,560 trained soldiers.Labour’s Shadow Defence Secretary Vernon Coaker said: “The Tories’ desperate attempt to smear Labour with lies can’t hide the fact that they are making severe cuts to our defence capability.“When Michael Fallon says there will be no further cuts to our Armed Forces nobody will believe a word he says.”Last month experts said the Forces face more cuts no matter which party is in power.The Royal United Services Institute suggested it was inevitable defence spending would fall below the Nato target of 2% of GDP.
The government should come up with a more comprehensive youth policy and diversify the economy to help young people spread their wings, says the head of the Council of Social Service.Chua Hoi-wai, chief executive of the council, said there was a lack of overall planning and leadership on youth policy. He did, however, acknowledge that Financial Secretary John Tsang Chun-wah had announced measures to address housing problems and encourage start-ups in his recent budget.Chua was addressing teenage members of the Boys' Brigade at Polytechnic University in Hung Hom yesterday.The council is a non-governmental organisation that acts as a bridge between social service NGOs and the government."The Commission on Youth is under the Home Affairs Bureau. But a lot of resources go to education and welfare authorities. It is yet another department which oversees economic development … Hong Kong does not have a comprehensive youth development strategy," he said.The teenagers told Chua about the challenges they faced in pursuing their goals. One of them said Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying's policy address in January had focused too much on housing and had ignored other issues facing the young.In response, Chua said the government was doing more to help young people, but the problem was that initiatives were often carried out by different departments working independently of the others, with no overall direction."I hope the Commission on Youth can come up with a strategy which gives some overall direction [on youth policy]," he said.Chua added that, in the long run, the city should branch out beyond finance and tourism to give youngsters some alternatives.He said the West Kowloon Cultural District could provide opportunities, and noted that the city's rapidly ageing population meant there would be huge demand for elderly and nursing services in the future.
The nation's top celebrity chefs have rallied behind Dame Alison Holst after it was revealed the "Godmother of New Zealand food" has been diagnosed with dementia.The much-loved chef, 77, has hung up her apron for the final time, prompting the outpouring of praise from chefs.Award-winning chef Michael van de Elzen, who grew up on Holst recipes, said while the end of a career is a major loss, her recipes will live on in kitchens.A well-used 30-year-old copy of an Alison Holst cookbook sits on his mother's bookshelf.His mother's cooking centred around Dutch recipes from her childhood so, if she needed to bake something Kiwi, she would turn to Holst."When she was asked to make a sponge cake she'd go straight to the Alison Holst cookbook.Holst's retirement is an end of an era for cooking, he said."She is the godmother of New Zealand food."Television cooking shows are now about drama, tears and arguments.For Holst, the food was the most important component of cooking shows."We've lost the beauty of someone demonstrating their cooking in front of you."MasterChef judge Simon Gault said Holst was not just a good cook, but also a warm and likeable person.His mother also used to copy her recipes and he was sure they would live on in his household."She's an iconic chef and it's very sad news. "She can rest assured her recipes will live on for years to come."Holst signed off as a food columnist in her community Orewa paper last month after memory problems became too much.The Holst family have asked for privacy at this time.Simon Holst has written 27 best-selling books with his mother and the pair have built a successful cooking and kitchenware brand.Her daughter, Dr Kirsten Holsten, is a senior clinician specialising in helping Alzheimer's patients in Manawatu.Holst lives in Orewa with her husband. Her career began as a home science lecturer at the University of Otago.The bestselling author has sold more than 3 million copies of her cookbooks.She also regularly featured on television demonstrating her recipes. She is famous for her everyday recipes which appeal to both children and parents.In 1987 Holst was made a CBE for Services to Home Science.The Holst family have encouraged people to support the work of Alzheimer's Society and Age Concern.
Wang Jieming, 39, has a flair for connecting people and things. In university, where he read Swedish, he founded a student-run news agency; upon graduation, he used his language skills to produce concerts and became the Chinese agent for sports stars. The Zhejiang native has worked as a correspondent in Sweden for China's top official news agency and also ran a magazine-reading app in a start-up. He is now working on his own venture.Why did you learn Swedish?It was a once-every-four-year programme organised by Xinhua and the Beijing Foreign Studies University. They wanted 14 secondary students to learn Swedish at the university and work for the news agency's outpost in Sweden upon graduation. It was a special way of entering university because I didn't have to take the national higher education exam.Was the language hard to pick up?It was very tough. There weren't Chinese-Swedish dictionaries, so we had to use English-Swedish ones. At the time, there were no exchange programmes, so we all had to rely on the sole Swedish teacher who was sent here to teach us.When did you go to Sweden?I began to work with the Swedish government not long after, when their foreign office invited me to be a producer for a huge concert in Beijing's Workers Stadium. It was to mark the 50th anniversary of diplomatic relations between China and Sweden. It was quite a big gig for a 23-year-old to produce, and after several more shows, their government was so impressed that they invited me to Sweden to learn about their arts and culture. Interestingly, it was in Sweden that I met the lawyer of the legendary table tennis player Jan-Ove Waldner and I later became his agent in China.Was the work there tough?I spent some years working as an editor with Xinhua. Then I was in Sweden between 2003 and 2005. You may think there shouldn't be a lot to report on in Sweden, but in fact the job took up most of my time there.What was it like living there?It was a life-changing experience, mostly because of how the country is run. Swedes think very highly of their social system, and they think their system - which emphasises fairness, freedom and innovation - is second to none. I was really struck by the wide use of technology in people's everyday lives. I had my driving licence renewed, among other paperwork, using a computer. That was very different from how people did things in China.What did you do after you returned to China?I applied for a transfer to a magazine affiliated with the news agency. Then I went into business development for the magazine. After some time, I returned to Xinhua to help it develop its new media. Meanwhile, a friend had a business idea that involved projecting interactive adverts onto billboards or buildings, and we did it together while I kept my day job. Things were looking up until the head of the Beijing airport was arrested for corruption and every project he approved had to be terminated.What did you do next?A friend and I set up this online community of freelance translators to rate and rank different translation agencies, whose treatment of translators was very exploitative. It became China's biggest translator community, with more than 40,000 people registered. So we set up a platform that allowed agencies to put out jobs that translators could bid for. It went well and won us some awards in entrepreneurship contests.So you kept your job at Xinhua all this time?Yes. In fact I did pretty well and climbed the ranks up to the level of a division head, comparable to the head of a county government. But in 2010, after 13 years at Xinhua, I resigned and joined a start-up that was making a magazine-reading app. The app is now the top in its field in China and has been downloaded by more than 100 million people. However, I've since quit the start-up to focus on my own venture.What is so special about the app?It is going to roll out a new feature that provides content to service-based apps that do not offer any content. For instance, many people use taxi-hailing apps these days, but we start up the app only when we need a car and when we pay. The time in between can be used to provide users with content, such as magazine or news articles. The content is customisable depending on the nature of the app's business. The scheme would allow the magazine app to sell more adverts.I've been enthralled by smart technology lately. Smart wristbands have been very popular with the tech-savvy but they have yet to become mainstream. I've been busy making smart jewellery that ladies would find pretty. I've been working with an Italian jewellery group who'll be responsible for the design. The product won't see the light of day for another six months or so, but many investors have already shown interest.
It is important to note the name of this show, one word in particular: "presents". As in Paul Kelly presents not Paul Kelly and friends or just Paul Kelly. While, bar some neatly chosen covers, the songs performed were written by Kelly – alone or with various combinations of most of the musicians and singers on stage – the night, like the album from which it sprang, was really about everyone else but Kelly.Like the recently retired-to-the-great-pavilion Richie Benaud (a comparison the cricket-loving Kelly would appreciate), the main man left space for the talent around him to be seen, heard and celebrated while he made telling interjections to focus minds again. It was his work but their show and that generosity lifted everyone.This applied not only to the singers, about whom more soon, but to his unshowy, not particularly famous outside muso circles, yet sans pareil band. Mr Bill McDonald and Gentleman Pete Luscombe are a rhythm section who always have power but never abuse it, who swing and groove but never resort to easy cliche. Keyboardist Cameron Bruce is as adept with the churcified as he is with the bar-ified (not a word? It is now.) and never looks to overplay. And guitarist Ashley Naylor can be choppy, funky, snaky, prominent and subtle, and while he lacks the reaching-for-heaven hair of the absent Dan Kelly, he has charms of his own.They could punch in freshness to Sweet Guy and Dumb Things, shake in their metaphorical gospel robes for Hasn't It Rained, slowly put the torch to Where Were You When I Needed You and much of the time make you think you were if not in the Apollo Theatre, then certainly a room where soul was served warm and lightly perspiring.Up front of these fellows, and doing much more than merely fronting, the stalwart Vika and Linda were marvellous, whether pushing hard in the brassy What You Want, going girl group doo wop on Down On The Jetty or just taking you to chapel, their class is almost a byword now.Less known to the room, but bringing some of the Bull versatility was the PVC-adorned Clairy Browne, who didn't show her full power range but still won newcomers over with the suggestion of a growl under that coffee tone, and the fresh promise of Kira Puru whose voice seems crafted for sad soul songs.Oh yes, there was a chap there too who I'm told is not only awfully good looking, sex on legs and a fair old guitar player but can sing both big and small, heart and hips, rhythm and blues and smoked a duet with Browne on When Something Is Wrong With My Baby. This is all true but I don't see the need to publicise such an unfair allocation of qualities beyond confirming his name is Dan Sultan.Yes, not all of us have the generosity of spirit of Paul Kelly. Or the songs. Or the talented friends. But we did get to share in it.
President Obama delivers remarks during the first plenary session of the Summit of the Americas in Panama City on Saturday. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)President Obama and President Raúl Castro symbolically ended more than a half-century of official estrangement between the United States and Cuba here Saturday in a historic-face-to-face meeting that Obama said put them on “a path toward the future.”In a small room with two chairs side by side, Castro smiled as Obama said that they would relay their concerns about each other’s policies but could disagree with a spirit of respect.“Over time, it is possible for us to turn the page and develop a new relationship between our two countries,” Obama said. He said their immediate task is to reopen embassies in Havana and Washington.After the two shook hands, Castro, speaking in Spanish, said he agreed with everything Obama had said.“We are willing to discuss everything, but we need to be patient, very patient,” Castro said before reporters were ushered from the room. “We might disagree on something today on which we could agree tomorrow.”The meeting, on the sidelines of the 35-nation Summit of the Americas being held here, lasted roughly an hour, and the two leaders did not set a date for the reestablishment of diplomatic relations or the reopening of embassies in their respective capitals. In a sign of the difficulty for the two countries in making basic, concrete progress toward overcoming their longstanding enmity, Cuba’s foreign minister, Bruno Rodriguez, said the two countries would meet again for talks “as soon as possible,” but were still working to achieve the “appropriate context” for formal ties.Despite his offer to discuss “any issue,” Castro also told Obama that his government would not accept U.S. efforts to “bring about changes in the political and economic system in our country,” according to Rodriguez.Their meeting followed a dramatic speech to the gathering in which Castro called Obama “an honest man . . . a humble man,” who is not to blame for what he said was more than a century of U.S. oppression of Cuba and is “courageously” trying to persuade Congress to lift its embargo against his country.Speaking for nearly an hour, Castro first pounded the table and recounted the history of what he called U.S. oppression and abuse of Cuba, from early military incursions and occupation to the Bay of Pigs invasion and what he described as U.S.-sponsored terrorist attacks on the island., etc.“I apologize to Obama for expressing myself so emotionally,” Castro said. “President Obama has no responsibility for this. There were 10 presidents before him; all have a debt to us, but not President Obama . . . I have read his books — parts of them — and I admire his life.” As he spoke, Obama sat without expression, his eyes downcast.The two leaders announced in December that they would normalize relations and that they intend to reestablish formal diplomatic ties. The opening of embassies in Washington and Havana has awaited the U.S. removal of Cuba from its list of state sponsors of terrorism, a move that Obama is preparing to make in the coming days, if not at the summit itself.Before the highly anticipated bilateral meeting, each of the 35 hemispheric leaders at the summit first delivered formal speeches in the public plenary session.In his speech, Castro angrily denied Cuban participation in international terrorism, saying that although his country had supported other revolutions, its experience with terrorism came primarily from what he called U.S.-sponsored terrorist attacks inside Cuba in decades past.Obama spoke immediately before Castro. He told the gathering that he had committed the United States to a “new approach” to the region when he attended his first Americas summit in 2009. “I met that commitment,” including the decision to restore ties with Cuba, he said.Just before Obama’s speech, Ecuador’s leftist President Rafael Correa, an ally of Cuba, railed against the embargo and recounted what he said were the sins of U.S. multinational companies in his country. He demanded the return of U.S.-occupied Guantanamo Bay in Cuba and spoke of “North America and our America.”Obama, in what appeared to be extemporaneous remarks that were not part of his prepared speech, addressed Correa by name, saying he was “not interested in theoretical arguments.” The Cold War, he said, “has been over for a long time, and I’m not interested in having battles that, frankly, started before I was born. What I’m interested in is solving problems and working with you . . . in the spirit of alliance.”“I always enjoy the history lessons that I receive when I am here,” Obama said evenly. “I’m the first to admit . . . there are dark chapters in our history. . . . We can, I suppose, spend a lot of time talking about past grievances. And I suppose that it’s possible to use the United States as an excuse . . . for political problems that may be occurring domestically” in Latin America. “But that’s not going to bring progress.”Instead, he said, he would rather talk about climate change, economic growth and security.Debates about the past, Obama said, in a clear jab at Correa’s economic and political difficulties at home, are “not going to solve the problems of children who can’t read, who don’t have enough to eat. . . . I just want to make very clear that when the United States speaks out on human rights, it’s not because we think we’re perfect, but because we think the idea of not killing people because they disagree with us is the ideal.”Speeches from heads of state were theoretically limited to eight minutes, but Castro, who was making his first appearance at the summit, held every three years since 1994, asked for some indulgence.“Since I was excluded for the past six summits,” because of U.S. insistence, “I ask you to excuse me if I go a few minutes more,” he said, indicating he would speak for “six times eight minutes.” He ended 50 minutes later, saying that Cuba, “a small country with few natural resources, has lived under hostility” and that his lengthy remarks were of historical importance.Later Saturday, after Obama had left the room, Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro began an equally lengthy speech. After denouncing U.S. sanctions imposed on officials in his government, as well as a U.S. declaration that Venezuela is a “national security threat” to the United States, Maduro said he, too, respected Obama, “in spite of the fact that he has threatened our motherland.”Maduro, too, spoke emotionally, shouting parts of his speech and rejecting Obama’s call for a forward-looking vision in the region unburdened by old grievances. “We talk about our history so much because we’re proud of it,” he said. “We don’t have a dark past that we regret because we’ve killed people in other countries and dropped bombs on them.”The Venezuelan leader seemed to have planned his remarks thinking Obama would be present while he delivered them, which left Maduro calling for “dialogue” and extending an open hand to the U.S. president’s empty chair.Maduro said he wanted to believe Obama’s statements in favor of better relations “but didn’t trust” the U.S. president.“If you want, we’ll talk, but if you don’t want to talk, that will be your legacy with Venezuela,” he said.Maduro said he would give U.S. diplomats the 11 million signatures he was planning to hand Obama, collected by his government in opposition to the U.S. sanctions.At one point in the speech, Maduro, a former guitar player in a rock band, voiced his admiration of Jimi Hendrix and Eric Clapton as evidence that he is not “anti-American.” Clapton is British.The U.S. and Cuba will soon agree to reopen their embassies. Here’s what happens next.After 23 years, the U.S. is dropping its claim that Cuba sponsors terrorism. Here’s what it means.
He made hugely flawed decisions on monumental issues. But I don’t have to agree with what he did, does or says to recognise his strengths. As a leader he had, and has, immense cap­ability and clarity of thought. His party would benefit from some now.His decision to hold a referendum on Scottish devolution in 1997 was controversial and opposed by many who thought it was back-sliding on a commitment. But he ended up unifying the country and brought the SNP and Labour together on the side of progress. It was a good moment. A very good moment. And a signal of what the SNP and Labour in combination could achieve.Last week, as I contemplated the often risible Labour election campaign of the moment, I wondered how much difference his talents would make. Thinking about the controversy around the renewal of the Trident nuclear weapons system, I dipped back into his memoirs to remind myself of what he has to say about the issue. It is instructive.In 2007 he admitted to hesitancy over the decision. “I could clearly see the force of common sense and practical argument against Trident, yet in the final analysis I thought giving it up too big a downgrading of our status as a nation… and too big a risk for our defence.”He was riven with doubt. “The contrary decision would not have been stupid. The expense is huge, and utility in a post-Cold War world is less in terms of deterrence, and nonexistent in terms of military use… It is true that it is inconceivable we would use [it] alone, without the US.”Remember he was speaking in 2007 before the financial crisis and colossal resulting pressures on the public finances. If the decision was 50:50 for him then, where would it have been in the context of grating, punishing austerity?By 2009, senior retired military leaders Field Marshal Lord Bramall and generals Lord Ramsbotham and Sir Hugh Beach went further than Blair and denounced Trident nuclear weapons as “irrelevant”. They argued they were neither a deterrent nor independent and, instead of renewal, funding should be focused on equipping our forces to cope with the actual challenges they faced. Blair would have nodded in some agreement, no doubt.What is a monumental decision of importance requires deep financial consideration – the full cost is estimated at £100 billion. It requires complex strategic military thought and a clear sense of purpose around what Britain’s modern role in the world is. In the context of the election debate, though, it is reduced by the Conservatives to a cheap measure of political and jingoistic manhood.Labour remains riven just as Tony Blair was. Jim Murphy argued in the STV leaders debate that he wanted a world free of nuclear weapons but that we needed to renew Trident and negotiate with all the other holders of weapons. I get the point but it seemed deeply disingenuous. Is the commitment to multilateral disarmament real or lip service? Are any summits planned? How could £100bn on a new system help rather than be seen as proliferation?Murphy’s former Cabinet colleague (Lord) Des Browne would appear to agree.He argued in 2013 that “[Updating Trident with a like-for-like replacement]… will demonstrate to the international community that we intend to keep nuclear weapons on permanent deployment for decades while seeking to deny those weapons to everyone else. In the process, it will destroy any chance of building the broad-based international support required for a stronger non-proliferation and nuclear security regime” .A recent survey of Labour candidates in the election found that three in four opposed renewing Trident. That sounds realistic to me.But were it not for the strong voice of the SNP would this issue even be a live one in the election?Opposing renewal is not a margin-al, eccentric or radical position. It is acutely reasonable given the realities of the world military, diplomatic and financial.It appears to boil down to a very high price to buy Britain a status that speaks to the nation it once was rather than a modern vision of what it could be.If the debate is reduced to election-eering jingoism we take decisions of inter-generational and international importance on the basis of crude, simple-minded cynicism.We shouldn’t have to wait for mem-oirs to hear the truth. Regardless of your view, it demonstrates a major benefit of the SNP voice in this election and, as many progressives across the rest of the UK appear to hope – in the parliament that follows. «
The former Dragon was one of 100 high-profile high-flyers, who signed a letter warning of the threat that a Labour victory would pose to Britain’s economy.Bannatyne warned that a Labour government would “threaten jobs and deter investment”.Within a few days he was on Twitter praising Ed Miliband’s “courage” in coming up with a proposal to scrap non-domiciled tax status saying it would get his vote.His remarks reinforce the adage that a week is a long time in politics. One wonders if a week is just as long in business. When faced with such a mixed message from a budding entrepreneur in the “Den”, one suspects Bannatyne would have wasted little time in saying: “I’m out”.Teed up for further golf talesTHE Dream Shall Never Die sees Alex Salmond bore for an independent Scotland on the subject of his golf game. Having broken 90 a couple of times during the referendum campaign, Salmond appears to be close to developing a Seve Ballesteros complex (or at least becoming a clubhouse bore).Given his preoccupation with the game, perhaps readers could send him their favourite golfing tales. After all, the reading public would be delighted to buy a book containing accounts from high-handicappers about the time they holed a 30 footer to save bogey after coming to grief in the gorse bushes at Nairn.HE may now be a best-selling author, but one suspects Alex Salmond may be missing the political high life.While his successor Nicola Sturgeon was “starring” with the other Scottish political leaders in STV and BBC debates last week, Salmond was far away from the television studios.Indeed while Sturgeon was appearing in the BBC debate in Edinburgh, Salmond (the Scottish National Party candidate for Gordon) was taking part in a local hustings event in Inverurie Town Hall.GREAT news for the Rupert Murdoch publishers William Collins, who produced Alex Salmond’s referendum memoir The Dream Will Never Die.Salmond has announced that there is going to be a paperback and a revised edition of the bombastic classic, which devotes much space to diatribes against the BBC and the “metropolitan, mainstream media” – simply because they sometimes chose to challenge his views and assertions on Scottish independence.The former first minister’s plans for the book were announced in an interview he did to get down with the social media kids on the Commonspace website.“There is going to be a paperback and a revised edition.“Because it is topping the bestsellers list across the UK for two weeks running. I would like the metropolitan media to explain that one,” the former first minister said, with just a hint of smug, self-satisfaction.
Geoff Ellis, of DF Concerts, claims the biggest stage show in Scotland, which boosts the economy by £15 million, might never happen again if planners side with those opposed to the proposed new site at Strath­allan Castle in Perthshire.Despite tickets for the 21st T in the Park being sold out, the three-day concert is still awaiting planning approval from Perth and Kinross Council. Public consultation on the plans ends on 24 April and councillors will debate the app­lication at a meeting still to be arranged for next month.Ellis, who was challenged about concerns raised by the Woodland Trust, insisted Strathallan was the “right venue” to take over from Balado.Asked on BBC Radio’s Good Morning Scotland programme yesterday whether the festival would continue if it did not take place at Strathallan, he said: “I don’t think there is a venue, without going very far north in Scotland, which would be viable for T in the Park; so yes, I don’t think it would carry on if we didn’t host it at Strathallan this year. Scotland needs T in the Park.”After the programme, he told Scotland on Sunday: “The point I was making was that by the logic of the Woodlands Trust, if T in the Park can’t work at Strathallan then how could it work anywhere in rural Scotland?”There have been issues about an osprey nest at the site, but organisers stress they have a good working relationship with the RSPB in anattempt to deal with that.However, Charles Dundas, of the Woodland Trust Scotland, said “irreplaceable” ancient woodland could be lost if the festival goes ahead at Strathallan, adding that festival organisers had not done enough to satisfy them that nature would be protected.But Ellis said: “We’re in the middle of a live planning process and when the final location of the osprey becomes clear, we will work with the relevant organisations on the development of our plans to agree an appropriate buffer zone and manage it accordingly.“Aside from this, our planning application and environmental statement answers all questions posed by the statutory consultees and we remain confident that we can ensure the long-term protection of wildlife as well as the future of the event of Strathallan.”The organisers announced in 2012 that the event would have to leave Balado due to its proximity to a pipeline.Last year they said the preferred option was Strathallan Castle. The discovery of ospreys on the site meant that the criteria changed and DFC submitted a planning application and an environmental statement.A spokeswoman for Ellis later added: “The Woodlands Trust had the wrong classification of the woods, claimed that we might harm wildlife, such as badgers, that don’t live on the site, and referenced trees that have not been present at Strathallan Estate for almost 40 years.“If we were to accept their logic, no festival should take ever take place near old woodlands – which would effectively rule out outdoor events taking place anywhere in the countryside.“We’re confident that we can not only deliver T in the Park but that our aspiration is to safeguard the site’s environment for the long-term,” said the spokeswoman.
In the final weeks before the general election, party leaders are pulling out all the stops to attract voters - but not everyone is impressed.On Wednesday, a six-year-old Boulton schoolgirl made headlines when she was seen plopping her head down on her book in apparent boredom as David Cameron tried to read with her.And the Prime Minister isn't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe; Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters.In 2011, Labour leader Ed Miliband was pictured visiting a school, where he sat down on a pink sofa to chat with some young schoolgirls.But rather than engage with the children, Ed was snapped awkwardly sipping tea from his cup as the girls watched him and rolled their eyes.Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls likely had the best intentions when he sat down to play make-believe with a primary school youngster and her doll.But the girl couldn't hide her boredom in a picture from the meeting, resting her chin in her hand as she looked wearily away from him.It seems the unrelenting enthusiasm of politicians is what annoys kids most.Indeed, one little boy in a photo from a school visit appeared desperate for a nap as George Osborne leaned over him, smiling brightly at the other pupils.And Nick Clegg didn't quite fit when he sat down at a table of school kids, who uniformly went about their business as he looked around at them, apparently trying to make friends.Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown didn't have much luck either when he got down on all fours to talk to a baby.The Scot looked like more of a looming giant than a friendly face, his dark business suit contrasting with the rainbow carpet and toys on the floor.William Hague has been met with incredulity by children on multiple occasions.In one particularly funny photo, he is seen awkwardly looking over the shoulder of a student as her friend rolls her eyes, seemingly annoyed at his presence.In another, a boy looks downtrodden as the Leader of the House of Commons apparently scrutinises his drawing of a fox.
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron in an official eliminator for the WBC featherweight title in Leeds.Warrington increased his unbeaten record to 21 fights with a unanimous points victory, the judges awarding him the bout 119-109, 119-110, 119-109.A bout against champion Gary Russell Jr still looks a way off but a domestic fight with Lee Selby is a possibility."I've got plenty more to bring," Warrington, 24, told Sky Sports at the First Direct Arena.Wales' Lee Selby, soon to fight for the IBF featherweight title, was ringside and Warrington suggested the pair could sell out Leeds United's Elland Road."I wish him all the best and I hope he gets the world title," added the dental technician."But me and him would fill out a stadium if me and him could get it on, so that is the one I'm after."Selby added: "I think I'm well ahead of him but he is improving with every fight. It won't be long before I will be fighting him in front of this fantastic crowd."Warrington, already a European, Commonwealth and British featherweight champion, also landed the WBC 'international' featherweight title with Saturday's victory.Earlier, Essex's Martin J Ward picked up the vacant WBC international super featherweight title with a fifth-round stoppage against Maxi Hughes.Yorkshire's Hughes retired on his stool during the re-match in Leeds, following a draw between the pair in December.
The governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in Akwa Ibom State, Mr Udom Emmanuel, says the call for the cancelation of elections in the state is a defeatist approach that does not reflect the true state of things.In a telephone interview with Channels Television on Saturday after the elections in the state, Mr Udom said the election process was peaceful.He said that the call for cancelation based on claims of violence in the state should not be welcomed, as the pockets of issues were not enough for cancelation of the election results.“In Akwa Ibom, we have a very large number of voters. I am not saying that there were no pockets of issues here and there, but it is not the way it is being analysed at all.“People came out. They were orderly. The voting was good and peaceful.“We have gotten reports from the 31 local government areas of this state.“Apart from those pockets of people getting anxious here and there. Immediately they started accreditation, everywhere went peaceful,” he said.Mr Emmanuel further expressed surprise that people could call for the cancelation in Akwa Ibom.“People are calling for cancellation and writing that there are crises in Akwa Ibom. Things are not the way it is being reported.“We don’t like this defeatist approach with people running to the studio to start crying foul.“We had a very peaceful election. Things are not the way people are reporting it. People should wait for the result to be announced,” the PDP governorship candidate stressed.
In a land prone to schism and where diverse peoples exhibit fissiparous tendencies and propensity for going after each other’s jugular, words are capable of fanning conflagration. It can particularly be more volatile when there are high political stakes polarized along primordial clannish ties. It is worse when a clan among several others in the multiethnic community fears a loss of grip on its ancestral lands, heritage, commerce, wealth and political hegemony; and that it is conceding too much to another clan considered foreign. At this point, all can be thrown to maintain relevance, and caution can be hurled away, while strategic deterrence or offence becomes the instrument of inter-group relations. This is when altercations, threats, death wishes or the curse of drowning in lagoons can come from any quarters, even from sacred places as the palace of His Royal Majesty.The royal dimension to the ongoing 2015 elections reared its controversial head last week when the highly respected paramount ruler of Lagos, King Riliwan Akiolu took it to the wires while hosting an Igbo interest group, a platform he employed to issue a stern warning (call it threat) to the Igbo community to vote for the choice of the paramount ruler and “owner” of Lagos State failing, which would naturally result in perilous times in the Lagoon. It is historical as well as institutional that the Oba of Lagos is the head and father of all, and that he is the “landlord extraordinaire” while all the inhabitants- indigenes, non-indigenes, traders, fishermen, farmers, teachers, adults, children, men, women, foreigners from other African nations or outside Africa, et cetera- are his subjects and by extension, “tenants”. Even the Europeans acknowledged this when they dealt with Oba Kosoko and Oba Akintoye in the second half of the nineteenth century, precisely from 1851 up to the colonization of Lagos in 1861.The Oba was a very powerful man and in the context of British colonial rule, the Oba was regarded as an important and indispensable middleman in reaching to the people of Lagos. Lagos has retained its heritage, customs and traditions so much that it is in the consciousness of any newly crowned king that he is the father and lord of all the peoples in the domain. Incidentally, Lagos, like Benin and Abeokuta, despite the early contact with the Europeans, has not let go of its ancestral roots, the Oba is the “alese ekeji orisa” (second in command to god) and his words are taken with utmost seriousness, just as his rites, rituals and festivals, such as the internationally famous ‘Eyo’ are regarded as untouchable and undeletable. The other Obas in Lagos, including the Akran of Badagry, monarchs of Ikeja, Ikorodu and Ajah, among others, regard the Oba of Lagos or Eleko of Eko as the supreme head.But in Yorubaland, the king is not quick to talk and is subdued in temper. This is for two basic reasons: he is the father of all, which makes him the last court of appeal (call it Supreme Court as in pre-colonial days); and he is the repository of deep, deep wisdom. Elders and cabinet members are not expected to react spontaneously (in fact, elders in Yorubaland are regarded as wise men that provide solution in every delicate situation). The king is therefore the primus inter pares in knowledge, tact and wisdom. The very reason therefore why Obas spend longer years on the throne is not just because it is customary; but the fact that their exhibition of maturity and high level native intelligence and wisdom makes it customary to stay longer or forever in power.It is however also expected of Obas to defend their domain. Any Oba who loses his domain to any internal or external force is not worthy of the throne. Kings in native Africa are war generals who lead platoons or entire battalions to battles to defend the territorial integrity of their domain. When kings or war generals lose battles or make their domain vulnerable, they are condemned to die or go on exile. This was the fate of Are Ona Kakanfo Afonja, whose defeat in a war of Oyo Empire’s territorial expansion led to his self exile and establishment of Ilorin kingdom. Even at that, he lost Ilorin again to the wily Fulani pastoralists under Alimi, which ended the Yoruba control of Ilorin and its provinces. Shaka, king of the Zulu people in Southern Africa would do anything, including use of full military weight or cunning tactics to keep the Europeans at bay in protection of his people and lands. Shaka personally led his wars and won all, warding off immediate neighbours and western imperialists. In pre-colonial Benin, particularly in 1897, Oba Overamwen Nogbaisi and his chiefs in the course of restricting any British visit and subsequent incursion, went on eliminating all the British party led by their English colonial officer. The backlash was horrendous, but the objective had been achieved.Lagos in the post-colonial times cannot however, be the African society of the pre-colonial or colonial times. A lot has changed and constitutionally, the “owner” of Lagos now are the people and the custodian of their rights, the elected governor. Kings have now taken the traditional position of reminders of cultural heritages and leaders of thought, with or without whom progress can still be recorded. However, in the consciousness of African monarchs of the present, the “divine right of kings” still persists and they still are, no doubt, powerful influences and voices in the system. They could still be agents of stabilization and their touch and firm control of the grassroots can be a huge advantage for any politician seeking elective posts.Oba Akiolu’s direct threat to the Igbos was perhaps coming against the background that the Igbos were evidently dominant and taking over the economic, social and political spaces of the metropolis. The National Assembly elections, in which the “Ndigbo” massively voted for the party considered opposition in a largely APC-dominated state and the emergence of some Igbo politicians from Lagos as House of Representatives members-elect, were probably the fears that the Oba was losing his domain to external forces. Constitutionally, Lagos, like any other states, belongs to all and there should therefore be no fuss or fear about which clan is dominant. But there is also the angst that Lagos, in a Yoruba enclave, has been conceding so much to their brothers from Eastern Nigeria all in the belief that it is a “No Man’s Land”. But the Oba would not agree with this because even at coronation and with all he is told by oral historians and custodians of palace customs, he is the “lord” and “owner” of Lagos and as such, a fighter for the protection of all that his forebears had left behind to protect. The threat to the Igbo, to do his will of voting his homeboy, Ambode of the APC or face the dire consequences of drowning in the Lagos Lagoon, was thus coming from the attachment to the past, that the king’s will must be done and that any king who loses political and economic control to strangers has lost the moral authority over the domain.But why is Lagos a No Man’s Land? Since colonial times, when it became the political headquarters after Calabar, Kaduna and Lokoja, Lagos has transformed into a cosmopolitan city and its being the Federal Capital at independence for decades made it an all-comers’ stronghold. But geographically, it is still situated in Yorubaland, a domain of the Eleko, with traditions, customs and history embraced and celebrated by all. The cosmopolitan nature of mega cities around the world has not necessarily made them to lose their socio-cultural identity.But in retaining such identity, there are modest and appealing ways of communicating to other clans, without drawing ethnic blood. The great Eleko should have addressed the issue more appealingly and yet authoritatively.
The Queensland Reds sank to the bottom of the overall Super Rugby standings after a 43-22 loss to the Bulls in South Africa on Sunday morning.Continuing their forgettable season, the struggling Reds could only hold on for so long at Pretoria's Loftus Versfeld before they were inevitably dealt their sixth consecutive defeat.It was about as encouraging as a 21-point failure could possibly be under the circumstances.Richard Graham's troops battled manfully without some key names and refused to lie down but ultimately lacked the firepower to make their second half comeback count.Following the Blues' first win of the season over the Brumbies on Friday, Queensland are now officially the worst team in the competition, two points adrift of their nearest rivals Western Force.With chief playmaker Quade Cooper back on the sidelines with injury and livewire James O'Connor struggling with a calf issue, Queensland's attack lacked cutting edge.Particularly in the first half, they had significant stretches of possession but were unable to breach a disciplined Bulls defence.Goalkicker Lachie Turner also struggled to find his range at altitude, hitting just one from four attempts.Warm favourites heading into the match, the Bulls - who rested Springboks trio Jan Serfontein, Handre Pollard and Adriaan Strauss - established a 10-0 lead after an early penalty and a breakaway try to Francois Hougaard that started deep in their own half.The Reds responded just after the quarter hour with a clever chip-and-chase from makeshift flyhalf Nick Frisby opening up Turner for a run through on the right.But the Bulls crossed twice more in short order - first through Pierre Spies, then again through Hougaard - to establish a comfortable 24-5 halftime lead.It would have been easy for Queensland to lie down at that point but Will Genia's try five minutes into the second stanza at least gave them a spark.The France-bound halfback came away with the ball from an attacking scrum and somehow crawled his way to touch down under the posts, setting up Turner for an easy conversion.Genia provided the kick for a Frisby five-pointer almost immediately afterwards to reduce the margin to 24-17.But the Bulls were able to weather the storm, withstand another Queensland try through Mario Kotze - who finished off a brilliant run from the bustling Samu Kerevi - and close out the game with relative ease.BULLS 43 (Francois Hougaard 2, Burger Odendaal, Pierre Spies, Marcel van der Merwe, Piet van Zyl tries Jacques-Louis Potgieter 3, Tian Schoeman 2 cons Potgieter pen) bt QUEENSLAND REDS 22 (Nick Frisby, Will Genia, Marco Kotze, Lachie Turner tries Turner con) at Loftus Versfeld. Referee: Jaco Peyper.
Former banker, Adesunmbo Ajaba Adeoye, is married to Senior Pastor, Royalty Christian Centre, David Adeoye. Sunmbo who runs Esob Events is the initiator of Esob Heroes and Inspiring Change. She tells Adetutu Audu she is fulfilled helping others to discover their potential.ADESUNMBO Ajaba Adeoye is an amazing and passionate entrepreneur whose devotion to entrepreneurship and excellence has brought her to the up-tables with other successful entrepreneurs in the events management industry in Nigeria. She runs Esob Events, an event management company, and, over the years, she has successfully carved a niche and built a name for herself in the industry.Her desire to help people explore their potential to the fullest birthed the initiative, Esob Heroes, which she founded as a platform to push her passion.  It was this quest to inspire many more that became the catalyst that initiated the birthing of the “Inspiring Change with Adesunmbo Adeoye” initiative, focusing on educating the girl-child and bringing to fore a consciousness on entrepreneurship as the way forward, setting up free conferences that will inspire every woman to take the initiative in fulfilling their dreams.This philanthropic foundation held its first conference in 2014 in celebration of the International Women’s Day and highlights of the day was the presentation of Esob Heroes awards to outstanding women in business. In May same year, Esob Heroes took a deliberate step further to enhance the knowledge of children in public schools by donating free books and other educative materials to over 3000 school children.This year’s, themed “MAKE IT HAPPEN”, featured skill acquisition training, aimed at empowering women, with the presentation of work tools (in different categories) like grinding machines, standing hair dryers, sewing machines among others to the less-privileged women in business as part of 2015 International Women’s Day celebration. Other notable women who graced and inspired other women at the event included Pastor Nomthi Odukoya of Fountain of Life Church who was the special guest; On-air-personality, Toke Makinwa; popular fashion designer, Nkechi Harry Ugonadi of NHN; and Wazobia FM’s On-air personality, Omotunde Adebowale-David (LOLO1).The former banker explained that Esob heroes is a vision borne out of her ceaseless desires to support entrepreneurial ideas through capacity building, mentorship and free conferences, seminars and trainings. This determination to help others discover the treasure they carry on the inside, she revealed, was what propelled her, after she was awarded a scholarship by Goldman sachs, to study entrepreneurial management at EDC Pan Atlantic University under the Lagos Business School umbrella in 2011.‘Having completed the course, I realised the need to deliberately educate and enhance the knowledge of women around me and afar off, in my own little way of ensuring that more women ruled in the entrepreneurial frontier. So far, we have been able to help many women with great ideas and passion seek meaningful and fulfilling careers by organising meetings where we collaborate with like minds and help each other connect with other leading entrepreneurs to achieve far-reaching goals together,’ she noted.Adeoye added that the privilege to inspire change came last year January, when a call came through from a representative of the EDC, requesting to know if she would embrace the challenge. ‘And since I have been recommended by EDC Pan Atlantic University to host women and influence them to inspire change, I agreed to it and today I’m grateful I didn’t resist,’ she said excitedly.‘I remember being nervous when I was recommended to host women on International Women’s Day. The anxiety alone brought sleepless nights. I didn’t doubt the amazing power of God, so I gave it a shot and indeed it was a huge success. Looking at my life’s journey, the pain, reproach and struggle led me into God’s amazing grace. I am so thankful I embraced God and didn’t let go of His grip,’ she revealed.The amazing lady added that in such a short time, she is blessed and lifted beyond words. ‘I want to thank God for giving me the voice, the platform and the grace to inspire change,’ she said.For her, it is a daily vision and she feels fulfilled in helping others accomplish every bit of their God-given potential. ‘My uttermost desires are that they succeed and pay forward what they have received as benefactors of the inspiring change movement,’ she pointed out.Now that she is married to a pastor, how is life as one? Adeoye disclosed that life as a pastor’s wife is an endearing one, filled with an aura of glory and grace, guided by the principles in the word of God. However, like every leadership role, it comes with few (not so attractive) challenges and responsibilities which help her to wholly trust in God and strengthen her relationship with the Holy Spirit (the master of all knowledge).Despite being an entrepreneur, has she ever thought of returning to her banking job? The Ogbomoso-born passionate entrepreneur was quick to say that ‘moving from a guaranteed 30-day pay slip into the world of uncertainty or indefinite earnings for me was like jumping off a parachute for the first time. It was both frightening and exhilarating. If you have ever done a 9-5 job, you will realise that you are limited in time, resources and remuneration, but an entrepreneur’s income is not limited by routine or calendar days.’She went on: ‘In as much as I enjoyed my years in banking, and appreciate those in that line of career, I have never thought for a second to return because there are so many opportunities in the world of an entrepreneur.’So, who influenced her early in life? Adeoye who also doubles as Royalty Christian Centre music minister said her mother really influenced her. ‘She was and still is an independent super woman, a business mogul who diversified into several lines of businesses, like trading (whole sale/retail), catering/restaurant businesses and a lot more.’What then is her beauty secret? ‘My beauty secret is in my daily walk with God and my inner peace with man. I learn from the scriptures daily to show love to everyone irrespective of colour, race or gender. We are all one before the creator who, despite our sins, died for us. He expects that we will share and show same to the world,’ she gushed.On her personality and style, Sunmbo Adeoye said she is the kind of woman one will describe as the “happy go lucky”. ‘I like decent and dignifying outfits,’ enthused the pastor’s wife.
IN a new action thriller that mirrors fear and exploitation of a people by their government and expertrates, a cast of veteran actors like Olu Jacob, Richard Mofe-Damijo and Taiwo Ajai-Lycett bring the verve of thematic film to bear.Titled Oloibiri, the film, which is revisiting the subject of militancy in Niger Delta Nigeria, explores the pitiable condition of a people whose natural resources constitutes an irony.Although the movie is centered on a government’s pacification of a long-abused people, it addresses this theme through three subject matters: the tragic journey of Oloibiri into developmental retrogression, the socio-cultural under-runs that birth militancy and the governmental intervention to compensate a land, which arguably has been raped of its resources.It will be recalled that the Easter weekend was abuzz with a teaser, an online campaign tagged #GuessTheHand, which was conceptualised by the team at Rightangle Productions Ltd to herald the movie. The campaign requested participants online and onsite Silverbird Galleria and Ozone Cinema in Lagos, as well as Silverbird and Ceddi Plaza in Abuja to guess the hand of a male Nigerian sticking out of an oil well.Interestingly, the campaign got noticeable attention as the clues led some participants to guess correctly – that the hand belongs to Richard Mofe Damijo, who was a supporting actor in the movie.The movie which also stars William R. Moses(CSI, Touched by an Angel), Ivie Okujaye(AMVCA winner) and Ifeanyi Williams, prides itself with a crew that includes, Rogers Ofime; Canadian-based producer/director (Mnet Tinsel, Africa Magic Original films) as the producer, Samantha Iwowo (Bristol, UK) as the scriptwriter and Curtis Graham(GreyHouse Films,USA) as the director. Producers say Oloibiri will première across Nigerian and international cinemas from May 2015.Interestingly, they are also planning to screen the movie at this year’s edition of Cannes Film Festival on the 19th, 21st and 22nd of May.
Two police officers have been injured following the closure of a dance party in Sydney involving approximately 1000 people.Police were called to an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street, Botany at 10.30pm on Saturday after receiving complaints about the rave.Police had to be assisted by back-up officers as well as the riot and dog squads to shut down the party due to safety concerns.About 1000 people were moved on with relative ease, but it is alleged a number of partygoers began throwing glass bottles at police.One of these bottles struck an officer who suffered cuts to his head. The officer was taken to Prince of Wales Hospital to have pieces of glass removed from his head.Another police officer was allegedly assaulted by a 26-year-old woman, who was taken to Botany Bay Police Station for questioning.Police were forced to use capsicum spray to subdue unruly partygoers. A number of people were treated for minor capsicum spray contamination.Police are investigating the incident and trying to determine if the party was promoted on social media platforms.Do you know more? Email tom.decent@fairfaxmedia.com.au
Two police officers have been injured following the closure of a dance party in Sydney involving approximately 1000 people.Police were called to an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street, Botany at 10.30pm on Saturday after receiving complaints about the rave.Police had to be assisted by back-up officers as well as the riot and dog squads to shut down the party due to safety concerns.About 1000 people were moved on with relative ease, but it is alleged a number of partygoers began throwing glass bottles at police.One of these bottles struck an officer who suffered cuts to his head. The officer was taken to Prince of Wales Hospital to have pieces of glass removed from his head.Another police officer was allegedly assaulted by a 26-year-old woman, who was taken to Botany Bay Police Station for questioning.Police were forced to use capsicum spray to subdue unruly partygoers. A number of people were treated for minor capsicum spray contamination.Police are investigating the incident and trying to determine if the party was promoted on social media platforms.Do you know more? Email tom.decent@fairfaxmedia.com.au
A young mum who was crippled after she dived 40 feet off Appley Bridge quarry in Wigan has described how her children inspired her fight back to health.Natalie Prescott, 26, was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry in a dare-devil stunt which went horribly wrong.Her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did, she would almost certainly lose her legs.Through perseverance, she is finally on the way to recovery – and says her children are her inspiration.But after learning that a teenage boy tragically drowned in the same quarry on Friday, Natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public.Mother-of-three Natalie, from Wigan, said: 'This tragedy brought it all back to me. I almost died there too – and I want all young people to learn from my stupidity - please stay away from lakes and rivers because tomb-stoning can kill you.'But in a way, I'm glad it happened to me, because it taught me what's important in life. All that matters to me now are my three lovely children.'The accident, in June 2012, happened at Appley Bridge quarry, Wigan, near the farm owned by Natalie's mother, Susan.Susan was later to see the air ambulance over her farm – unaware it was carrying her own daughter.Natalie, who is mother to Saskia, 7, Harley, 5, and 19 month old Scarlett, says: 'I hooked up with some old friends and on a sunny afternoon we went for a day out to a beauty spot, where rocks overhang a disused quarry.'My mum lived nearby and she was looking after my two children whilst I went out with my friends.'We were daring each other to jump in the water, and even though I knew it was stupid, I went along with it. I had never done anything like that before.'I just fancied doing something crazy. I wasn't thinking about my children, I was thinking about myself.'As Natalie jumped, her nerves got the better of her and she hesitated. She smashed against an overhanging cliff, before hitting the water.She says: 'As I hit the water, I saw a large gaping hole in my knee. I had no pain but I was shaking and in shock.'Natalie's friends dragged her onto the banking and gave her mouth to mouth resuscitation as she began to struggle with her breathing.Unconscious, she was flown to hospital by a mountain rescue team and placed in ICU.Natalie says: 'My mum and my children saw the air ambulance land near their farm, and they watched it – unaware that it was me who was injured.'Her family was at first warned she might not survive – and were then told she would lose both of her legs.Natalie says: 'My memories of those first days in hospital were very hazy.'I was in so much pain and my legs were just a mush. My knee cap was smashed and my ankles were pulverised.'She had several operations during a three month hospital stay, including surgery to fit metal plating in her ankle and an artificial knee joint.Though doctors managed to save her legs, she was left unable to walk or stand.She was transferred to rehab, where she began to learn to walk again.Natalie said: 'It was a very low point for me. I felt so guilty that I had put my family through so much pain and worry.'Every time my children visited me in hospital, they would cry and beg me to come home.'My son, Harley, said to me: 'Get out of that big pram mummy and start walking again.''It was very painful and so frustrating, but I just had to work hard, every day, to get myself well again.'Natalie finally took her first steps one year after the accident.And in August 2013, she gave birth to a new baby, Scarlett.Natalie says: 'Scarlett's birth really inspired me to get back on my feet. I had to get better, because I had a new baby to look after.'I was determined to look after her on my own because I've needed so much help with my older children.'I feel like I'm back to being a mummy again, and that is such a precious role and one I won't take for granted ever again.'I won't ever be back to how I was; I have a limp and I can't walk far. I won't ever be able to ride horses again.'But in a way, I'm grateful for the accident.'It made me grow up and appreciate what is important in life.'When I heard that the young boy had drowned in the same spot it sickened me, and I now I'm going to do everything I can to get the area closed off.'I'm starting a petition because I want people to listen to me before another life is lost.'
Rabat – The magical region of Imilchil is located in the eastern Atlas Mountains; a small region bounded by mountains. In the horizon, you will find a mighty mountain telling an ancient tale. The region’s inhabitants have given each mountain a name bearing historical Amazigh connotations. In the middle of region flows a river with green banks surrounded by agriculture. Besides breeding, agriculture constitutes the population’s main source of revenue.Economically speaking, the region is relatively poor, but rich in terms of culture and tourism. Its abundance in touristic qualifications makes Imishil a destination for many foreignerswho flock there each summer, but also Moroccans obsessed with mountain tourism; constituting a significant but seasonal source of revenue as the number of tourists dramatically decreases during winters.One of the main attractions marking Imilshil a touristic destination par excellence is the myth its mountains tell: a love story ending with the formation of the two lakes ‘Isli’ and ‘Tislit’. The region is also famous for the engagement season organized each year after harvesting.The origin of the word ‘Imilchil’In the northern entrance of the region exists a place called ‘lchil’. According to its inhabitants, it was a place wheat and cereal were weighed and it is from here that the name was coined. The word ‘Imilshil’, in the Amazigh language, it is composed of two words: ‘Imi’ and ‘Shil’; literally, ‘the mouth of the weighing wheat place’. ‘Imi’ or ‘mouth’ in Amazigh is used to refer to a place in front of something, for example, the mouth of a cave. The second part of the word, ‘lshil’ means wheat.Less known than the romances of Romeo and Juliet, Qais and Laila, and Antar and Abla, ‘Imilchil’ is the source of an Amazigh love story. Once upon a time, there was a serious conflict between two of Ait Heddou’s most important tribes: Ait Azza and Ait Ibrahim. Their problem revolved around irrigation and pastures, leading to a radical break between the two tribes. At the height of this conflict, a young man from Ait Ibrahim fell in love with one of the girls of Ait Azza. This was considered an outright defiance against the tribes though all that the two young people aspired was that their love result in a marriage sealing their pure love. But the growing enmity between the two tribes prevented their love, forcing the lovers to flee to neighbouring mountains. They burst into tears lamenting the impossibility of their union; the floods of their tears drowning them into two lakes: Isli and Tislit, forming the great tableau between the mountains. Since that time, the two tribes vigorously celebrate the marriage season, in an attempt to make up for their mistake. This tradition continues and has become known as the engagement season.After summer time in Imilshil, the rhythm of life starts to slow and the winter brings sub-zero temperatures that cover the region with a white gown. An eerie calmness prevails and transforms what was once a crowded village into an abandoned void. The streets are empty and the only movement seems to be chimney smoke coming out from the white houses. The happy tunes of Ahydous songs are replaced by the bleating of sheep and goats struggling to survive.In this period begins the real suffering of the inhabitants of Imilshil and neighboring regions. Roads are closed, power is cut and villages are completely isolated from the world for days. Those who did not prepare well for the cold are likely to suffer as it becomes impossible to reach the weekly market to get the most basic necessities. The sick people either live with their sickness or die and bodies are transported in a coffin on the back of an animal; an animal which plays the role of an ambulance. The sick endure their ailments if they are lucky, but some, won’t make it to the spring. Despite the challenges inherent to Imilchil, life goes on.This article was originally published in Arabic on Morocco World News Arabic and translated by Najah Elyahyaoui. Photo: semprini.stefano/Flicker© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permissionJoin the Conversation. What do you think?
This was the message from President Jacob Zuma at the opening of the Sefako Magatho Health Sciences University‚ formerly known as the Medical University of South Africa in Ga-Rankuwa today.“You must promote the legacy of Sefako Makgatho by producing qualified‚ highly skilled and patriotic human resources‚” said Zuma.“If you serve the country and you are patriotic‚ you will do a lot. Patriotic South Africans will stand up and do what he or she sees is not being done‚ [rather] than to criticise what is not being done. That’s patriotism.”Minister of Higher Education and Training Blade Nzimande‚ who took the decision to uncouple Medunsa from the University of Limpopo‚ said part of the liberation of the country was about freeing all South Africans from a system that was “fundamentally dehumanising and used education as one of its weapons”.The president said that R298 million rand had been allocated to the university for student subsidies and R210 million for its establishment.The university offers undergraduate courses in the areas of medicine‚ health care sciences‚ oral health care‚ pathology and pre-clinical sciences. It opened its doors in January this year.Sefako Makgatho was a politician‚ educator and journalist. He formed the Transvaal African Teachers Association in 1906‚ one of South Africa’s first education unions‚ and fought for a non-racialised and equal education system.He utilised the courts to challenge legislation that affected and undermined Africans in urban areas‚ particularly those affecting the freedom of movement. He died in 1951 in Riverside‚ Pretoria at the age of 90.
Brother and sister Jenny Walker and Jason Garner showcased their creative talents at the opening of their new events dressing business Lumiere.The pair have seen a surge in demand for their services, leading them to relocate from Burslem to new premises in Merrial Street, Newcastle.The move has coincided with a rebrand, with what was JG Elite Designs now being known as Lumiere.Textiles graduate Jenny said: "Demand from new clients has far outstripped what we could offer from the old premises. Our new premises offer a stylish, relaxed environment where our customers can come to see us and try out some ideas for their event.""The store opening is the result of a lifelong dream for me and my brother. We have always been creative types and to be able to put our skills to good use by helping people have their dream wedding or party is amazing. I wouldn't want to be doing anything else."The pair started out in business together just over a year ago. As well as venue dressing, the company can create personalised stationery including wedding invitations and place cards. It also hires out items such as chair covers and starlit backdrops.Art graduate Jason said: "The feedback we've had already, even before the shop has officially opened, has been unbelievable."For me it's humbling to have people place their trust in us to help them realise their ideas for their special day and getting to work with my sister is the cherry on top of the cake."
LAPTOPS and jewellery have been taken during a break-in at a Derby home.Burglars stole a number of items including laptops and jewellery from a house in Smalley Drive, Oakwood between Tuesday, March 31 and Sunday, April 5.A police spokesman said that three laptops had been stolen, as well as a Kindle e-book reader, a Nintendo DS handheld games console, a Sony PSP, and various bank cards.A number of items of jewellery were stolen as well, including a gold eternity ring with small diamonds set in, a gold heart shaped ring, and a chain with a gold heart locket.Police want to hear from anyone who may have been offered similar items for sale since the offence took place.Witnesses or anyone with information on the burglary should call Derbyshire police on 101, quoting crime reference 14488/15. You can also call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.* Read more of today's top news stories here. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter
Nottingham will follow New York and London as it hosts this year's Record Store Day on Saturday. (18)Iconic music retailer Rough Trade, which opened in Broad Street in November, is hosting live music from artists including Kagoule, Pulled Apart by Horses and Clarence Clarity.The day will also feature performances by DJs including Soul Buggin, Crate Diggin and Local Motive.The world-renowned record shop has stores in London and New York and has added Nottingham to its list of sites.It will be open from 6am on Saturday and serving breakfast and coffee while hundreds of limited recordings are available for music lovers to browse and buy.
The Chelsea Fringe runs from May 16 until June 7, while the Chelsea Flower Show is underway in London. It started in 2012 and is a new festival for everyone who’s interested in gardens and gardening. The Fringe has an increasing international participation, but, till now, had not found its way to Scotland.However, the National Trust for Scotland’s Drum Castle has joined the gardening ‘avant garde’ and have become the first Scottish venue to be included in the official programme.Drum’s Head Gardener Diana Robertson said: “Chelsea is the world’s most prestigious flower show. The Chelsea Fringe is a way in which communities can celebrate the beauty and art of gardening locally, whilst still being part of the amazing energy of the main festival. We might not be able to travel the 544 miles to Chelsea, but we can still take part and be proud that we are the most Northern and first Scottish venue.”To mark the occasion, Drum is running a Garden Photography competition. The team are looking for shots in three categories: 1) My favourite gardener – (this could include garden ‘helpers’, like hedgehogs who helps keep slugs under control, as well as human subjects), 2) A view of Drum Garden, 3) All that grows – (this is a close-up of a plant, flower, tree or similar).Entries are welcome in three age groups – adults, senior pupils and primary pupils, before May 18. For more details, to register, and terms and conditions, please email drum@nts.org.uk. Please note that entries must be submitted in printed form.The competition entries will be judged by three noted professional photographers and gardeners, including the Trust’s Head of Photographic Images, Marcin Klimek, Head of Gardens, Robert Grant, and Simon Hall, who has his own professional photography business.Being the Head Gardener of the stunning gardens and grounds of Drum Castle, Diana Robertson is hugely knowledgeable and considers the springtime festival as incredibly important. She said:“Spring is a really important time to celebrate gardens. Everything is bursting in to life, and getting out into the gardens, listening to the birds sing for their territory, watching the first bees come back to the hives saturated with cherry and lime blossom, anticipating the beauty of summer flowers and the bounty of the autumn harvest, gives you a real feel good factor. It just makes you happy!”The winning entries from the photography competition will be displayed in the castle during its ‘4 Ps in our garden’ which runs on Saturday 30 and Sunday 31 May.Diana continued: “Our event involves photography, poetry, people focused workshops and planting. We will be celebrating the magic of trees with a special tree walk; marvelling at the beauty of moths with the Aberdeenshire Moth Group; creating Chelsea Bonnets using natural materials, planting a door step herb garden in a bag for life, and the Lemon Tree Writers Group have composed a new poetry collection for the inaugural Scottish Chelsea Fringe. There will also be a wishing tree for visitors to hang their own thoughts, willow weaving workshops, and stories being ‘woven’ around the garden.”Entry cost £4 for adults, £2 for children, £10 for a family. For more info call 01330 700334.
A hospital failed to carry out tests for malnutrition on a number of elderly patients within the necessary time, inspectors have found.The checks - known as the Malnutrition Universal Screening Tool (MUST) - should be carried out within 24 hours of a patient being admitted.But inspectors found that 18 out of 33 patients whose records they reviewed were not tested in the target time at the Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy, Fife.In the case of one patient the test was not carried out until two weeks after they were admitted, while another had to wait nine days.Healthcare Improvement Scotland (HIS) identified 10 areas for improvement in the report, which NHS Fife must address "as a matter of priority".These include ensuring nutritional screening is carried out for all patients within 24 hours of admission.However inspectors also noted nine areas of good practice.The unannounced inspection was carried out from Tuesday February 17 to Thursday February 19 as part of the HIS programme of inspections on the standard of care for older people in acute care in Scotland.During their visit inspectors also noted that completion of fluid balance charts showing how much a patient had drunk was "generally poor" and the completion of food record charts "variable".The health board has been asked to ensure food and fluid balance charts are started and accurately completed for patients who require them and appropriate action is taken in relation to intake or output.Jacqui Macrae, HIS head of quality of care, said: "This inspection found evidence that NHS Fife have made significant improvements following our previous inspections in May and December 2013."In particular, we found the completion of adults with incapacity documentation and the completion of assessments for patients on admission to hospital had improved."Staff told us they felt supported and we saw evidence that the majority of wards had made changes to improve the environment for patients with dementia."However, we did identify areas where NHS Fife must improve the care provided to older people. For instance, the completion of fluid balance and food record charts was poor, and medical and nursing documentation was not always dated and timed."This inspection resulted in 10 areas for improvement and nine areas of good practice. NHS Fife must address the areas for improvement we have identified as a matter of priority."NHS Fife said it is working to address the issues raised in the report.Professor Scott McLean, director of acute services at NHS Fife, said: "NHS Fife welcomes today's report which highlights that significant improvements have been made in a number of areas and that patients felt positive about their care and treatment."The report notes new initiatives aimed at improving patient outcomes, good use of frailty assessments, well managed mealtimes, good teamwork and strong leadership within wards, alongside ongoing work to support patient flow."Whilst these improvements are encouraging, we would reassure patients and their families that action is being taken to address the areas highlighted by the inspectors which require further work."A comprehensive plan has been drawn up to address the issues raised, with many actions already under way."
This was the message from President Jacob Zuma at the opening of the Sefako Magatho Health Sciences University‚ formerly known as the Medical University of South Africa in Ga-Rankuwa today.“You must promote the legacy of Sefako Makgatho by producing qualified‚ highly skilled and patriotic human resources‚” said Zuma.“If you serve the country and you are patriotic‚ you will do a lot. Patriotic South Africans will stand up and do what he or she sees is not being done‚ [rather] than to criticise what is not being done. That's patriotism.”Minister of Higher Education and Training Blade Nzimande‚ who took the decision to uncouple Medunsa from the University of Limpopo‚ said part of the liberation of the country was about freeing all South Africans from a system that was “fundamentally dehumanising and used education as one of its weapons”.The president said that R298 million rand had been allocated to the university for student subsidies and R210 million for its establishment.The university offers undergraduate courses in the areas of medicine‚ health care sciences‚ oral health care‚ pathology and pre-clinical sciences. It opened its doors in January this year.Sefako Makgatho was a politician‚ educator and journalist. He formed the Transvaal African Teachers Association in 1906‚ one of South Africa's first education unions‚ and fought for a non-racialised and equal education system.He utilised the courts to challenge legislation that affected and undermined Africans in urban areas‚ particularly those affecting the freedom of movement. He died in 1951 in Riverside‚ Pretoria at the age of 90.
Durban - Another home was set alight in the continuing faction violence in KwaMaphumulo, near KwaDukuza, this time on Sunday night.The feuding areas, KwaNdaba and KwaMzulini, have experienced a series of gun and fire attacks over the past week when three people were killed and three homes burnt.Speaking about Sunday’s incident, which occurred in the KwaNdaba area, a neighbour said he first heard several gunshots from a distance and when he peeked through his window, one house belonging to the Manqele family was ablaze.“I later learnt from a family member that they had also hadgunshots fired into their home,” said the neighbour who asked to remain anonymous.The local induna, Bongani Khanyile, said he received a call from a member of the family at about 8pm letting him know that they had been attacked.The affected family was not available for comment.A years-old stick-fighting incident between young men from the two warring areas in which one man was killed is said to be the cause of the continuing violence.Provincial police spokes-man, Colonel Jay Naicker, confirmed that three cases of arson were being investigated by the KwaMaphumulo police.He could not yet confirm Sunday’s incident.Naicker said no arrests had been made in the arson and murder cases and investigations were continuing.Meanwhile, the police have appealed to anyone with information about the killing of four men, including a Tactical Response Team police officer, in eZakheni, Ladysmith, on Friday night, to come forward.Constable Mboniseni Zungu, 33, Nkosiyakhe Mabaso, 33, Thanda, 31, whose surname had not yet been established, and a fourth person who had not been officially identified, were found dead with multiple bullet wounds inside a silver-grey VW Polo just before 8pm.Police said a number of heavy calibre cartridges were recovered at the scene.KZN police commissioner, Lieutenant General Mmamonnye Ngobeni, condemned the killings, saying that the SAPS had suffered a great loss in Zungu.
Noah officially got anointed into Hollywood. The 31-year-old Mzansi export attended a baseball game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies in New York City on Monday alongside the comedy trio.Earlier, the new “The Daily Show” host, set to replace comedy legend Jon Stewart, was also seen filming Seinfeld’s web series “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee”.
Beirut: Ayham al-Ahmad sits cross-legged atop a building damaged by mortar fire, a small electric keyboard across his knees, as the camera pans across the devastated buildings of Yarmouk and his latest song rings out over the rooftops.Since the so-called Islamic State laid siege to the devastated Palestinian refugee camp just outside Damascus, 27-year-old Ahmad, the renowned piano player of Yarmouk, can no longer roll his treasured piano on his uncle's vegetable cart and play music in the grim laneways.Under threat from the extremist group that for now controls much of the camp, he is less mobile but far from silent, as his friend, co-composer and Yarmouk exile Abo Gabi, told Fairfax Media.A Palestinian-Syrian musician and filmmaker, 31-year-old Abo Gabi fled Yarmouk in May 2013, six months after the clashes between Syrian regime forces and the Palestinian militant group PFLP-GC on one side and Syrian rebels on the other marked the moment the camp became one of the most vicious epicentres of Syria's four-year civil war."For us, it became a milestone when in December 2012 the camp was hit by air strikes," Abo Gabi says. "People started to say . . . before the MiG [fighter jet] and after the MiG."Since then the situation inside the camp - established in 1957 and once home to 180,000 Palestinian refugees and their families who were forced to flee from what is now Israel - has moved beyond desperate, he says."In Aleppo there have been barrel bombs and mortars being thrown over the people but they can still eat. In Yarmouk, people are dying of starvation and the UN is unable to convince the regime to send in food for people," Abo Gabi says."Meanwhile, only 50 metres from the entrance to the camp people are living a normal life - they have supermarkets, bakeries, they go to the mosque . . . so the tragedy is increasing, everyone is waiting for the death of another, sons are watching their elderly fathers die, nobody knows who will die first."IS militants overran much of Yarmouk early this month, giving the group its first stronghold close to Damascus, just over six kilometres away. The renewed fighting has pushed more of the area's remaining 16,000 residents - including 3500 children who have already endured a two-year siege and ongoing bombardment from Syrian regime forces - close to starvation and death, the United Nations has warned.An activist from inside Yarmouk who asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals from all the warring factions told Fairfax Media via text message that rumours IS had agreed to leave the camp were premature. He says there were renewed clashes in the south of the camp between the Palestinian Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis militia and IS fighters, backed by militia from the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front.Salim Salameh, head of the Palestinian League for Human Rights Syria and a former Yarmouk resident, says many inside the camp are back to consuming water with spices, "the famous meal people had during 2014 when starvation took the lives of around 200 people".  "This news is extremely scary because it means the basic food storage which people had accumulated in the 2½-year siege is already exhausted," Mr Salameh, who is now based in Sweden, told Fairfax Media.Along with the threat of starvation, the Syrian regime forces dropped two barrel bombs on the one remaining hospital that is still operating inside Yarmouk on April 9, further eroding what's left of the healthcare infrastructure of the camp. There are just 42 medical workers - two of them doctors - left in the camp with next to no medication for pre- or post-emergency treatment, he warned.On Monday, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) announced it had distributed humanitarian assistance to 500 civilians in the nearby neighbourhood of Yalda, to which many of Yarmouk's residents have fled. However the security situation remains so dangerous that UNRWA remains unable to enter the camp and provide aid to those most in need.Ayham al-Ahmad and Abo Gabi remain separated by the siege - a situation beautifully and painfully illustrated in Abo Gabi's short film  Blue, set on the grim streets of Yarmouk and featuring the pianist's pointed, political compositions.In the film, young men gather around his piano, Ahmad at the keys, and they sing with gusto: "What is with these days, the world sends delegations, delegates come and go, delegations multiply and so do their promises, while our people die.""I think about nothing but music," Ahmad says in Blue. "The future is a nasty question." Then there is the sound of mortars and the group quickly moves the battered piano to a safer location.Fairfax Media was unable to contact Ahmad for this story - Abo Gabi says it is increasingly difficult to connect with people in the camp, such is the chaos that surrounds them."Now we are composing a song together over the internet, I am writing the lyrics for Ayham and he will compose the music," Abo Gabi says.With friends in Yarmouk, he became involved with Palestinians Gathering For Creativity, so young people in the camp could come together and explore their creativity despite the suffering, he says. "We started with stand-up comedy during the war, we used to focus on social issues and later on when the siege began on the camp, the focus turned towards politics and speaking about the revolution."These days most of those involved in the Gathering have fled and are scattered around the world, and the two artistic collaborators struggle to connect between Paris and Damascus via what little internet service there is left in Yarmouk."As a refugee, the film [Blue] reflects the suffering of the people, the way they are having to live there in Yarmouk, where there is nothing except death for them," Abo Gabi says. "I am showing the presence of death along with the presence of the living."
Chinese police have quietly travelled to  the eastern suburbs of Melbourne to "persuade" a Chinese-born tour bus driver to return and face bribery charges in China.It is believed to be the first confirmed account of Chinese officers travelling to a Western country to deal directly with targets of Chinese President Xi Jinping's expanding "Operation Fox Hunt" campaign, aimed at repatriating corrupt officials and seizing their hidden assets overseasTwo officers from the iron ore port city of Rizhao were sent to Melbourne late last year to negotiate directly with Dong Feng, 49.Mr Dong works as a bus driver for Chinese tour groups and lives in Glen Waverley with his wife, Yang Xiaomei, and their school-aged daughter, all of whom are believed to be naturalised Australian citizens.A Rizhao police officer with direct knowledge of the investigation said he believed his colleagues had travelled in an unofficial capacity, raising questions as to whether Australian police or diplomats were notified of the repatriation efforts being carried out on Australian soil."We first contacted [Dong] from China, but he didn't quite believe what we were saying over the phone, he said it would be best if we spoke face to face," said the officer, who is attached to the city's economic crimes unit. "This is why we went, in December 2014."The high priority that Mr Xi has given Fox Hunt and its sister campaign, Sky Net, has raised incentives and pressures for police officials at all tiers of Chinese government to bring fugitives back home and uncover hidden assets.An Interpol notice against Mr Dong describes his alleged crime as "bribery" but does not mention that the amounts in question are relatively small by contemporary Chinese standards, that they relate to Mr Dong's work at a private company and that Mr Dong contests the allegations.Nor does the notice mention that Mr Dong is a practitioner of Falun Gong, which is banned as a subversive "cult" in China.Mr Xi's fox-hunting efforts have led to the extradition of 290 alleged fugitives from 69 countries, according to official figures from December. But those efforts have been frustrated by cautious government responses in Western nations including Australia, which is commonly listed as a top-three destination for Chinese fugitives.Chinese police have attempted to work around diplomatic obstacles by raising the importance of "persuasion work", which typically involves applying pressure upon family members who remain in mainland China."A fugitive is like a kite, the body is overseas but the thread is inside China - through family and friends, [we] can always find them," Li Gongjin, team leader of Shanghai police's economic crimes unit, told Xinmin Weekly in an interview late last year.Chinese authorities say 390 alleged fugitives had returned "voluntarily", according to the December figures.Anecdotal examples, however, suggest that at least some of these fox-hunting successes may not be living up to their billing.The case of Mr Dong was trumpeted by a local Communist Party newspaper as a successful example of "persuasion" work as part of Operation Fox Hunt.  The report confirmed the police visits to Australia and claimed that Mr Dong's wife had returned to China and Mr Dong was likely to follow suit.Fairfax understands that Mr Dong has misgivings about returning with his wife and daughter but nevertheless agreed to meet the visiting Chinese police because of concerns about the welfare of his wife's elderly parents back in China.Contrary to the Chinese newspaper report, however, Ms Yang brought her parents back to join her in Melbourne last week, rather than the other way around.The Australian Federal Police declined to say whether they were aware that Rizhao police had travelled to Australia to meet alleged fugitives in December. "This is not an AFP investigation," said a spokesperson for the Australian Federal Police. "Questions relating to this Chinese investigation should be directed to the Chinese authorities."A spokeswoman for Justice Minister Michael Keenan said only that the two countries have developed "productive" areas of mutual assistance.Mr Dong declined to speak directly with Fairfax when approached at his home and contacted via friends.Rizhao police allege a Shanxi coal company paid more than 1 million yuan ($214,000) in bribes to Mr Dong and his wife between 2005 and 2007 by transferring money onto two bankcards for their use. Police say the couple fled to Australia in 2009 when they began to investigate.Mr Dong has told friends that the matter was fabricated by "a former boss he had offended" at his company, the privately-owned Rizhao Steel, one of Australia's most important iron ore customers.In another case, reported last week, a former Chinese boss of a multibillion-dollar conglomerate, Zheng Jiefu, said he had been followed around Melbourne's bayside suburbs in connection with a corruption case involving China's former deputy spy chief.Mr Zheng said he did not know whether his stalkers were working for or against Mr Xi's corruption fighters and that he would not return to assist investigations in China until he received high-level safety guarantees.
New York: A handwritten notebook by British World War II code-breaking genius Alan Turing, who was the subject of the 2014 Oscar-winning film The Imitation Game, brought more than $US1 million at auction in New York.The 56-page manuscript was written at the time the mathematician and computer science pioneer was working to break the seemingly unbreakable Enigma codes used by the Germans throughout the war.It contains Turing's complex mathematical and computer science notations, and is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist, according to Bonhams, the auction house.The Imitation Game starring Benedict Cumberbatch in the role of Turing, won Best Adapted Screenplay at this year's Academy Awards.Turing's notebook dates from 1942, when he and his team of cryptanalysts were at Britain's World War II code and cypher school Bletchley Park. In one entry, Turing writes about a complex calculus notation."The Leibniz notation I find extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one I understood the best once! It certainly implies that some relation between x and y has been laid down eg, y(equals)x2+3x."Turing was prosecuted for being gay at a time when it was illegal in Britain.He was convicted of indecency in 1952 and agreed to undergo hormone treatment as an alternative to imprisonment to "cure" his homosexuality.He died in 1954 of cyanide poisoning. It was ruled a suicide although his family and friends believed it might have been accidental. The notebook was among the papers he left in his will to friend and fellow mathematician Robin Gandy.
OTTAWA - Canada will send 200 military trainers to Ukraine, joining the U.S. and Britain in an international effort to shore up the eastern European country's battered and bloodied combat forces.Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Defence Minister Jason Kenney announced the long-anticipated move Tuesday at National Defence headquarters.The troops will join American and British soldiers early this summer, and the mission will last until March 31, 2017.Harper says Canada's latest military contribution addresses a number of requests from the government of Ukraine, is being provided to help the country in its efforts to maintain sovereignty, security and stability in the face of Russian aggression.Most of the Canadian trainers are expected to be housed at an existing NATO training centre located in Yavoriv, in the western portion of the embattled European country, near the Polish border.However, some instruction will also take place at the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence Demining Centre in Kamyanets-Podilsky, also in western Ukraine.
A California police officer was put on administrative leave after he "manipulated" the body of a man who had been shot dead by police, including tickling the man's feet and attempting to open his mouth, according to officials and local media.The Bakersfield Police Department said in a statement on Monday that senior officer Aaron Stringer improperly touched the body of Ramiro Villegas inside a hospital room last November, a day after the man had been shot dead by police.The statement did not elaborate on Stringer's actions but said he was placed on leave the next day.The Bakersfield Californian newspaper reported on Friday that he pretended to tickle Villegas' feet and tried to pry open his mouth.The newspaper, citing reports it obtained from the department, said he told another officer at the hospital that he "loves playing with dead bodies," before laughing.The Californian said Stringer was not permitted by the county coroner's office to touch the body. It quoted the department's reports as saying he declined to comment on the allegations and had hired an attorney.Police said officers shot Villegas dead the night of Nov. 13 at the end of a brief high-speed pursuit, when he got out of his car and "aggressively" approached officers before he "reached towards his front waistband."No weapon was found at the scene.In February, the Kern County District Attorney's Office declined to bring criminal charges in the case, the statement said.The Californian reported that Villegas' family has filed a claim against the city over the shooting.
The brother of missing student Karen Buckley has appealed for anyone who may have seen her to contact policeThe brother of missing student Karen Buckley has appealed for anyone who may have seen her to contact police. Speaking from Sydney, Kieran Buckley told Newstalk’s Lunchtime presenter Jonathan Healy that his sister “would always contact someone and would always come home.”The 24-year-old student nurse from Mourneabbey in Co Cork has been missing since Sunday morning after leaving a Glasgow nightclub.“It’s very tough on everyone, so we are just trying to stay positive. Hopefully some good news comes soon, that I don’t know, some crazy excuse for Karen’s disappearance... that she just turns up safe and sound somewhere, we are all just hoping. That’s all we can do now really, just put our trust in the police in Glasgow,” Mr Buckley said.He was made aware that his sister was missing on Monday morning [Sunday night UK time].“I’m over here with my brother [Damian] in Sydney, so it’s very tough for both of us right now.“I found out on Monday morning early, I woke up, my brother told me she was missing and that was it, that’s all we know. That was Sunday night back in the UK, we are just hoping Karen would just turn up, maybe her phone went dead, or she lost her phone or something like that, it happens,” he said.Mr Buckley plans to travel to Glasgow from Sydney to support his parents in the search for Karen, who went missing after telling friends she was going to a nightclub toilet.“It’s not her character at all, it’s just very strange, [that she is] just missing. She would always contact someone, she would always come home. It’s very strange. I don’t know what has happened, but it’s not like her to just go missing, it’s out of character obviously,” Mr Buckley said.He appealed to anyone with information to contact police in Glasgow.He plans to, “Just get more coverage out there, and if anyone has information, or recognises her, that’s just vital to get to the police, that is the main reason behind the Facebook page, to get awareness [out there],” he said.Parishioners in the Buckley family’s native Mourneabbey, outside Mallow in Co Cork have organised a special Mass on Wednesday night (Wednesday) at Analeentha Church at 8pm to offer prayers for the missing student.
For the past decade, Australia has been one of the more consistent supporters of American military interventions in the Middle East. This week, the government of Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced it was deploying some additional 300 troops to Iraq, where a U.S.-led coalition is attempting to push back against the advances of the extremist Islamic State.On Tuesday, Australia's Defense Minister Kevin Andrews appeared in a meaty prime-time interview on ABC News, a major Australian network, discussing the role these personnel will play in the wider fight against the jihadists.It reaches a pretty awkward moment, though, when interviewer Leigh Sales queries him about the Islamic State's leadership structure, and then repeatedly asks him to name the organization's leader (Hint: he's pictured above). Andrews, though, demurs, citing "operational matters" and the "fluidity" of the situation even though Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is well known to all and has a $10 million U.S. State Department bounty on his head.Here's the video and transcript of the cringe-worthy exchange:LEIGH SALES: At the start of the war on terror, back after 9/11, the military campaign was heavily focused on the leadership of al-Qaeda, and it remained so for a long time. When it comes to IS, who is the top leader and what sort of focus is there on his capture? KEVIN ANDREWS: Well, there's a cadre of leaders, if you like, in the ISIL forces. And we're not just dealing with one organization. There's fluidity between organizations and individuals who are involved, and that's why… and that's… LEIGH SALES: No, but there is a leader and a cabinet of IS; they run like a government? KEVIN ANDREWS: And, and that makes it more difficult in terms of the overall objective that we're seeking to achieve here. But we will continue along the lines that we are. We're in constant discussion… LEIGH SALES: So, so, sorry, just to be clear: Who is the leader and what is the focus on his capture? KEVIN ANDREWS: Well, I'm not going to go into operational matters, obviously, Leigh. LEIGH SALES: Well, can you name the leader of IS? KEVIN ANDREWS: I'm not going to go into operational matters, but there are … LEIGH SALES: I don't think that's operational. I think it's a matter of public record? KEVIN ANDREWS: Leigh, I'm trying to answer your question as best as I can and that is, that ultimately our aim here is to degrade and to defeat ISIL. Now, ISIL operates not just in Iraq but across Syria as well, and there is fluidity between groups. There's not just one group involved and not one just group of individuals involved and so we have to counter that as best we can over the coming weeks and months. LEIGH SALES: Minister, you're responsible for putting Australian men and women in harm's way in the cause of this mission. I'm surprised that you can't tell me the name of Islamic State's leader. The U.S. State Department has a $10 million bounty on his head? KEVIN ANDREWS: Well, as I said, ISIL is a combination of groups, Leigh. There is not just one individual involved in this. There are Australians involved in the senior leadership of ISIL or DAISH, and there is a fluidity between groups that we've seen over the past few months in that area. It's not just one person involved. There's a series of people involved, and we must ultimately destroy all of them if we're going to degrade their operations in that area. LEIGH SALES: The specific person to whom I have been referring is Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.Andrews has only been in his current post since a cabinet reshuffle in December. His government has been particularly concerned with the Islamic State, which has successfully recruited a number of jihadists from Australia's Muslim population.
China must carry out promised reforms and rebalance its economy to stem financial risks, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said Tuesday, as it pointed to slowing growth over the next two years.The IMF estimated that the world's second-largest economy will grow 6.8 percent in 2015 before slowing to 6.3 percent in 2016, maintaining its previous predictions from January."For China, the main risk is failure to implement the reform agenda to address financial risks, rebalance the economy, and tap new sources of growth," the Washington-based Fund said in its latest World Economic Outlook."Without reforms to change the pattern of growth, vulnerabilities will continue to increase, and the available policy space will shrink," it added.The expected decline in growth from last year's 7.4 percent comes "as previous excesses in real estate, credit, and investment continue to unwind", it said, describing "an unsustainable pattern of growth that has led to rising vulnerabilities in the corporate, financial, and government sectors".The IMF's estimate for this year matches the median forecast in an AFP poll of 15 economists earlier this week.The National Bureau of Statistics will release the official gross domestic product (GDP) figures for the first quarter on Wednesday. China's GDP probably expanded 6.9 percent in January-March, the AFP survey showed, down from 7.3 percent in the final three months of last year.Separately, the World Bank said on Monday that China's economy should grow by 7.1 percent in 2015, slower than the 7.2 percent rate it projected in October.The Chinese government in March announced an official growth target of about 7.0 percent for this year, below last year's objective of about 7.5 percent.The forecasts come as Beijing seeks to transition China's economy from its old model of investment-fuelled growth that resulted in years of double-digit GDP expansion but is now seen as unsustainable.Authorities have expressed a willingness to accept lower growth rates as they try to make consumer spending the key driver of activity.But investment remains crucial and the IMF cited its possible intensified deceleration, including in real estate, as a near-term risk, after a slowdown last year that followed a 2009-2012 boom."Some further slowdown is already factored into the baseline, but it could be stronger than expected, as striking a balance between reducing vulnerabilities, supporting growth, and implementing reforms remains challenging," the report said.It specifically called for resource allocation efficiency to be improved with reforms in financial and state-owned enterprises."Reforms in the pension system and other social safety net areas will help shift the composition of growth toward domestic consumption, which is likely to prove more sustainable in the long term," it added.The IMF also forecast that China's consumer inflation rate will fall to 1.2 percent this year after hitting 2.0 percent last year, before rebounding to 1.5 percent next year.Beijing is forecasting consumer inflation of about three percent for this year.Economists have expressed concerns about the risk of deflation in China, especially after January's slump in consumer inflation to 0.8 percent, the lowest since November 2009.
The International Monetary Fund cut its outlook for US economic growth this year and next on Tuesday after a sharp slowdown during the winter.But it said the country will remain the key driver of the global economy, and weather the negative impacts of the strong dollar.In its semi-annual World Economic Outlook, the global crisis lender trimmed half a percentage point from its forecast for US growth in 2015 to 3.1 percent, which it branded "solid".It also cut 0.2 percent from the 2016 forecast, also to 3.1 percent.Just three months ago the Fund raised its prediction, expecting that a surge in hiring and consumer spending, and the plunge in oil prices, would add fuel to the country's pull away from the legacy of the 2008 financial crisis.But a downturn through the first quarter of the year suggested continued weaknesses that have trimmed expectations for the world's largest economy.Even so, the IMF said, the US economy has remained resilient to weaker external conditions and the surging dollar."Consumption -- the main engine of growth --has benefited from steady job creation and income growth, lower oil prices, and improved consumer confidence.""Conditions remain in place for robust US economic performance in 2015."The Fund's view for the US economy was more optimistic than that of the Federal Reserve, which said in mid-March that growth would be at best only 2.7 percent this year and next.For the near term, the main challenge is normalizing monetary policy, the IMF said.Even with that, the fallout of the Federal Reserve hiking interest rates from the zero level is mainly going to impact other countries. Americans should weather the stronger dollar that could result from higher interest rates, even as it crimps exports.Cheap oil, tame inflation, and improved household and corporate finances should offset the dollar factor.However, the IMF said, the country faces a significant challenge of slow growth over the medium term, which signals the need for strong policy measures to invest for future growth."Potential growth is estimated to be only about 2.0 percent, weighed down by an aging population and weak innovation and productivity growth," it said.The Fund said Washington needs "an ambitious agenda of supply-side policies" on top of the priorities of closing the country's budget gap and lowering its borrowing needs.That includes, the IMF said, infrastructure investment that would have "relatively modest" costs in the near term and "important benefits" for long term output potential."Building political consensus around a medium term fiscal consolidation plan and supply-side reforms to boost medium-term growth -- including simplifying the tax system, investing in infrastructure and human capital, and immigration reform -- will continue to be a challenge," it said.
EnChord, a group of talented young musicians and singers from KnowsleyEnChord, a group of talented young musicians and singers from Knowsley, played to a 150-strong crowd at the Picket in Liverpool.The 20 EnChord acts performed rock, indie, soul, R&B and a DJ set at the packed gig.The highlight of the evening was Skylights’ debut performance, which was a huge success.EnChord is a group of 13 to 19 year-olds who came together as part of a Knowsley Council culture development and events project in Stockbridge Village.The group run music workshops as well as gigging themselves.EnChord formed more than three years ago, with new young people joining every week.Matthew Ashton, the council’s Assistant Executive Director for Public Health and Wellbeing, said: “Projects like this can’t happen overnight. We have been working with the group for three years now and it’s great to see how far they have come during this time.”If you or someone you know would like to join, contact Eliza Brittles on 0151 443 2543 or email eliza.brittles@knowsley.gov.uk
WASHINGTON - The International Monetary Fund cut its outlook for US economic growth this year and next on Tuesday after a sharp slowdown during the winter.But it said the country will remain the key driver of the global economy, and weather the negative impacts of the strong dollar.In its semi-annual World Economic Outlook, the global crisis lender trimmed half a percentage point from its forecast for US growth in 2015 to 3.1 percent, which it branded "solid".It also cut 0.2 percent from the 2016 forecast, also to 3.1 percent.Just three months ago the Fund raised its prediction, expecting that a surge in hiring and consumer spending, and the plunge in oil prices, would add fuel to the country's pull away from the legacy of the 2008 financial crisis.But a downturn through the first quarter of the year suggested continued weaknesses that have trimmed expectations for the world's largest economy.Even so, the IMF said, the US economy has remained resilient to weaker external conditions and the surging dollar."Consumption -- the main engine of growth --has benefited from steady job creation and income growth, lower oil prices, and improved consumer confidence.""Conditions remain in place for robust US economic performance in 2015."The Fund's view for the US economy was more optimistic than that of the Federal Reserve, which said in mid-March that growth would be at best only 2.7 percent this year and next.For the near term, the main challenge is normalizing monetary policy, the IMF said.Even with that, the fallout of the Federal Reserve hiking interest rates from the zero level is mainly going to impact other countries. Americans should weather the stronger dollar that could result from higher interest rates, even as it crimps exports.Cheap oil, tame inflation, and improved household and corporate finances should offset the dollar factor.However, the IMF said, the country faces a significant challenge of slow growth over the medium term, which signals the need for strong policy measures to invest for future growth."Potential growth is estimated to be only about 2.0 percent, weighed down by an aging population and weak innovation and productivity growth," it said.The Fund said Washington needs "an ambitious agenda of supply-side policies" on top of the priorities of closing the country's budget gap and lowering its borrowing needs.That includes, the IMF said, infrastructure investment that would have "relatively modest" costs in the near term and "important benefits" for long term output potential."Building political consensus around a medium term fiscal consolidation plan and supply-side reforms to boost medium-term growth -- including simplifying the tax system, investing in infrastructure and human capital, and immigration reform -- will continue to be a challenge," it said.
The U.S. and the African Union on Monday signed an agreement to create the African Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.U.S. Secretary of State, John Kerry, and the, Chairperson of the African Union Commission, Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma, signed a memo of cooperation.The document formalised the collaboration between the African Union Commission and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.“The West African Ebola epidemic reaffirmed the need for a public health institute to support African ministries of health and other health agencies.“This is in their efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to any disease outbreak,” CDC director Dr Thomas Frieden said in a statement.The African CDC is slated to be inaugurated later in 2015 with the opening of a surveillance and response unit.According to the statement, the unit will provide technical expertise and help coordinate response to health emergencies. As part of the agreement, the U.S. CDC will send two public health experts to serve as long-term technical advisers to the African CDC. The U.S. will also support fellowships for 10 African epidemiologists to help staff five regional African CDC coordinating centers.The centres are being established to help monitor disease activity on the continent. (Reuters/NAN)
Two people have been killed in a microlight plane crash in the NSW northern tablelands on Sunday morning.About 10.30am emergency services were called to a property off Nine Mile Road, north of Glen Innes, following reports of a plane crash.Both the 51-year-old male pilot and the 55-year-old female passenger - the only people on board - were pronounced dead at the scene. The pair are from the Oak Flats area, just south of Wollongong.The pair were staying at the Glen River B&B Farmstay at Dundee, north of Glen Innes, near where the accident  occured.The B&B farmstay is known for recreational flying and hosts two private airstrips for microlight pilots,with a longer airstrip for light aircraft nearby.It is understood that the victims were friends of the owners of the property.A Civil Aviation Safety Authority spokesman said that as it was a microlight crash it would not necessarily be investigated by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau.Police have established a crime scene and are investigating the cause of the crash.They will prepare a report for the coroner.
But the teenager's life now is one that was unimaginable 12 months ago.On April 14 last year, she was in a packed dormitory at the Government Girls Secondary School in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria, seeking a night's sleep before writing end-of-term exams.The mass abduction provoked global outrage and brought unprecedented attention to an insurgency that has devastated northern Nigeria since 2009.Deborah was one of 57 girls who escaped within hours of the attack. Her life has changed but for the other 219 hostages still being held and for families desperate for news, the nightmare continues.Despite promises from the government and military that the release or rescue of the hostages was at hand, there has been no credible information concerning their whereabouts in months.Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau vowed to sell the girls as "slaves" and later said they had been "married off". Experts say both are possible and they are unlikely to still be all together.Deborah and 20 other girls from Chibok who escaped Boko Haram captivity are now studying at the American University of Nigeria (AUN) in the northeastern city of Yola.The privately-funded AUN does not look like other Nigerian universities and certainly bears little resemblance to Chibok, which even before the Islamist uprising began was a deeply impoverished town with poor roads and limited electricity supply.Spread across a vast stretch of land on the outskirts of Yola, the campus includes an immaculate hotel, with a restaurant overlooking a pool that serves burgers and pizza, where faculty, including visiting Western professors, share sodas with their students."It is a beautiful environment," Deborah told AFP via university staff in an email exchange.The Chibok girls at AUN are studying a curriculum aimed at preparing them to start a four-year undergraduate programme next year.Deborah said her dream is to work at the United Nations "to help my community in Chibok, Nigeria and the world".Others talk of becoming doctors or lawyers. All stress the importance of education. With degrees from the well-regarded AUN those dreams may come true.But among the 21, the prospects feel bittersweet, as international attention returns to the plight of those still being held one year on.Thoughts of their missing classmates are never far away and in their prayers daily, they said."We feel sad with the advantages we have now because so many from our hometown do not have these advantages," they added.They also acknowledged they would almost certainly not be studying at the university had they not been kidnapped.Mary put this conflict in starker terms: "When the insurgency struck, I was devastated but little did I know it was going to be a blessing in disguise."The Chibok girls at AUN felt united in a common goal to ensure that some good must come from last year's tragedy."It has been a horrible journey yet we believe that coming to AUN is for a purpose, which is to be an instrument of positive change in our hometown," Sarah said."We have not been broken by the attack. We see ourselves as the people who have been chosen to make positive future changes not just in Chibok, but in our country and the world," she added.President Goodluck Jonathan's handling of the hostage crisis was heavily criticised, especially over his administration's failure to immediately recognise the severity of the attack and to swiftly launch a major rescue effort.Jonathan's defeat in last month's general election to challenger Muhammadu Buhari may have partly been caused by his inability to contain the Islamist violence.Boko Haram, whose name loosely translates from the Hausa language widely spoken in northern Nigeria as "Western education is forbidden", had already been suspected of committing crimes against humanity before the Chibok mass abduction focused global outrage.But the girls studying at AUN suggested the Islamist foot-soldiers who carried out the kidnappings ultimately deserve mercy.Northeastern Nigeria provides few opportunities and little hope of employment for young men, making them vulnerable to radicalisation, they said."I forgive Boko Haram for what they have done and I pray God forgives them too," Blessing said.
The roads around Nottingham are mostly quiet but it is the train tracks where delays have struck.A signal box had to be evacuated near Kings Cross, meaning trains to the London station were cancelled.The incident took place at around 7am, and although the line has now reopened, residual delays of up to one hour 10 minutes have been caused.On the roads, continuing work on the A453 at Clifton is still causing short delays, which are expected to get worse as the days goes on and traffic gets heavier.The A612 in Lowdham is also experiencing slow traffic, while the closure of Forest Lane in Papplewick is also causing small delays.
A brand of bleach in the U.S. has been forced to apologise after a tweet that was deemed racially insensitive.Clorox tweeted ‘where’s the bleach’ with a picture made up of lots of emojis following the introduction of new cartoons for iPhones last week.The problem is that the focus of reports was on the introduction of a new collection of racially diverse faces.Clorox said it was trying to make a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs.But it fell flat with some.Student Jazzmen Knoderer, 29, said: ‘I didn’t think it was malicious, but impact negates intent. This is someone being thoughtless, and really not focused on what was trending that day.Clorox has since apologised with this tweet:And a statement: ‘We did not mean for this to be taken as a specific reference to the diversity emojis – but we should have been more aware of the news around this.‘The tweet was meant to be light-hearted – about having an emoji shaped like a bleach bottle to represent doing laundry or cleaning – but it fell flat.’
When former St Kilda coach Scott Watters called Dermott Brereton looking for a key defender, the five-time Hawthorn premiership hero had no hesitation in suggesting Josh Bruce.Now Brereton says Bruce could develop into St Kilda's version of Cameron Mooney and could help extend Saints captain Nick Riewoldt's career.Bruce starred in St Kilda's 28-point victory over Gold Coast on Saturday, kicking a career-best six goals against the Suns.It almost doubled his career tally to 15 goals from 26 games.The Canberra product started out as a forward for Eastlake and kicked the Giants' first ever goal on Manuka Oval, but GWS decided to turn him into a defender because they also had the likes of Jeremy Cameron.But Bruce struggled for opportunities and had open ears when St Kilda came calling at Brereton's behest.Brereton had worked with Bruce at GWS, where he does some coaching of their key forwards.Saints coach Alan Richardson has switched him back forward and he's enjoying a breakout 2015.In round one he took a contender for mark of the year, which Brereton said helped Bruce "believe he belonged", and he's followed that up with a match-winning haul."Scotty called me and said, 'Who's not getting a game at GWS? They're full of talent,' and I said, 'This kid's good, he's a ripping competitor and he's got a great attitude ... I don't know if he's in their long-term plans. This kid deserves a real go at it'," Brereton said.He thinks the 22-year-old could emulate Mooney's career, saying the triple-premiership player wasn't the most talented player, but had turned himself into a "champion team man" through hard work."He should model his game on the likes of Cam Mooney, he's not going to be a Wayne Carey," Brereton said."Mooney turned himself from a toiler into a champion team man in the key focal position."One thing I'd say for Bruce, even though he's going super well, there's a whole lot of hard work ahead of him ... because even if he dominates a team, he has to do it with hard work and running."Brereton also felt Bruce's continued emergence could take the heat off Riewoldt and enable the 32-year-old to play on longer.He said it would also enable Riewoldt to play more one-on-one, rather than be swamped with defenders, and make it easier for the veteran."If somebody else can take the true heat and take the real physical bash-up that Nick's position always receives, if that can be Josh Bruce, he'll prolong Riewoldt's career by an extra year," he said.Bruce was full of praise for his captain, saying Riewoldt's work - along with that of his midfield - had provided space for him to move in.He again showed his ability to take strong, contested marks.But Bruce deflected the praise, happier to get the first win of the season rather than accept personal praise."I wouldn't have gotten on the end of any of them without [Riewoldt's] work up the field and obviously all the midfielders applying pressure," Bruce said."It was a whole team effort and I was just lucky enough to get on the end of a few."Bruce now has the chance to shine on the big stage when St Kilda take on Collingwood at the MCG on Friday night.
They were reported to have split up last month, but Bradley Cooper and Suki Waterhouse still look pretty smitten with each other.The pair were pictured sharing a hug and talking intently at Coachella on Friday night and now more shots of the ex-couple have surfaced.Fresh pictures show the Hollywood actor and model rattling around the famous festival on a golf buggy.Bradley, dressed in a blue jacket and shorts, is sat behind Clint Eastwood (yes, really) and a woman driving the buggy, while model Suki is sat at the back next to a female pal.Last month it was reported the pair had split after dating for two years, but judging by these pictures have clearly remained close friends.Following the split a source told People magazine the pair had parted ways before the Academy Awards in January, which they attended together.Yes, yes that is Suki there on the back of the buggyThe news came shortly after an insider said Suki was keen on marrying the Hollywood hunk.An insider shared: "Suki says she's been warming him up to the idea ofmarriage and he's starting to get excited about it."It's up to Bradley to pop the question, of course, but she hopes it happens soon."Could they be rekindling their romance? Hmm.Oh, and there's Clint Eastwood
Jim Murphy, leader of Scottish Labour, must have watched last night’s leaders’ debate with a sense of deep gloom. Once the natural party of government in Scotland, Labour is bracing itself to be routed at the polls on 7 May, losing many of its 41 Scottish seats to the SNP.Ed Miliband’s performance in Salford was creditable but Nicola Sturgeon’s was much better. The SNP leader is an accomplished debater and she is adept at combining the personal with the political – for instance, when she spoke about how education in the state sector had helped her rise from a working class family to her present position of eminence. She smiles easily and naturally (such as when Nigel Farage referred to “canny Scots”) but is also unrelenting and combative.She is an unashamed social democrat, as Miliband also is, and yet she somehow seems more at ease in her own skin than the Labour frontman, confidently presenting herself as the leader of an anti-austerity party (this positioning is popular in Scotland and contrasts favourably with Labour’s awkward embrace of austerity).How Labour must wish that Sturgeon had chosen to join them as a young woman rather than the SNP. But there are of course significant differences between her and Miliband: she is opposed to the renewal of Trident and wants all nuclear weapons removed from the River Clyde and obviously is a separatist, hence her original decision to opt for the SNP.Miliband had learned his brief well – no one doubts he has an excellent memory or believes what he says – but he was too often rigid and, because he was intent on directly confronting David Cameron, he missed opportunities to wound Farage, Nick Clegg and even Sturgeon. He was vulnerable to attack from his left flank – by Leanne Wood, in particular – and took one heavy blow from Nick Clegg but, rather than punch back, he merely renewed his assault on the Conservative leader.This was not the transformative performance that Miliband yearned for and believes he is capable of. As long ago as last summer, he told me that he believed the televised leaders’ debates would be his moment, his opportunity properly to introduce himself to the British people – to show them who he is and what he believes and wants. Well, Ed, they are watching now!Miliband’s family history, as the historian David Cesarini has written, “captures the 20th century. It is the story of a persecuted minority, migration, Marxism and anti-fascism, the plight of refugees, the horror of genocide and the courage of rescuers, rebuilding lives in new countries.” It is indeed inspiring and shows Britain – open, welcoming, plural – at its best.Why did Miliband not use last night’s platform to speak about this – especially when others were making personal as well as party statements (Wood about the Welsh valleys, Sturgeon about her working class origins, Clegg about his beloved “Miriam”)?Cameron was competent but passionless. On such occasions his insouciance and hauteur conspire against him, almost as if it’s all too much for him. He delivered his rehearsed lines like the PR executive he is but without displaying any of the flamboyance and wit of his final appearance of the season at Prime Minister’s Questions. Perhaps he is at his most comfortable when he has a pack of braying Tory MPs behind him.Unlike Margaret Thatcher, Cameron seems caught, even trapped, within a class and tradition. And he has always had the structure of the high establishment to support him. “He [Cameron] worked his way up from the inside, floor by floor,” his friend and fellow MP Nicholas Boles has said.In their different ways, Cameron and Miliband are both ultimate party insiders, representatives of different tribes, yes – one a member of the Old Etonian governing class, the other a Hampstead socialist - but both the product of networks, family contacts and covert associations. Because of this neither has the ability to break free from the pack, as Thatcher and Blair did, taking the people with them on the way to winning resounding mandates.Last night’s debate made for good television but told us little we didn’t know and changed nothing. And so the jamboree goes on.
Hugh Roche Kelly was so moved by the act from the pilot of his flight from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning that he sent a tweet to his followers in a show of respect.He wrote: "It hadn't even occurred to me to think about it before I got on the plane, but there was a tense vibe – the crew were on edge, some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal."Once I was actually onboard, and looked at the crew door, it was all too easy to imagine how horrific the time before that crash would have been."As passengers settled in their seats, instead of making his normal pre-flight announcement from the cockpit, the plane's pilot walked out in front of the nervous flyers to greet them personally.Hugh said: "He spoke (at length, in 3 languages) about how it was a difficult and strange time for him and for all the cabin crew, how they still all love doing their job, and how they're thankful that they still have passengers coming onto their planes."Mostly though, he said he just wanted to come out and stand in front of everyone, and let all the passengers on his flight have a moment of eye contact with him and for us to meet him and for him to meet us.
The types of cookies we, our ad network and technology partners use are listed below:A tool used by some of our advertisers to target adverts to you based on pages you have visited in the past. To opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here.Our sites contain advertising from Google; these use cookies to ensure you get adverts relevant to you. You can tailor the type of ads you receive by visiting here or to opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here.This is used to help us identify unique visitors to our websites. This data is anonymous and we cannot use this to uniquely identify individuals and their usage of the sites.This comes from our ad serving technology and is used to track how many times you have seen a particular ad on our sites, so that you don't just see one advert but an even spread. This information is not used by us for any other type of audience recording or monitoring.Our partner for Newspaper subscriptions online stores data from the forms you complete in these to increase the usability of the site and enhance user experience.Add This provides the social networking widget found in many of our pages. This widget gives you the tools to bookmark our websites, blog, share, tweet and email our content to a friend.We use Advertising agencies to provide us with some of the advertising on our websites. These include (but are not limited to) Specific Media, The Rubicon Project, AdJug, AdConion, Context Web. Please click on the provider name to visit their opt-out page.
Rustenburg - At least six people died in separate accidents on roads in the North West on Thursday and Friday, the province’s community safety and transport department said on Friday.“In the early hours of Thursday, a driver of a sedan lost control and the vehicle overturned just 10 km from Lichtenburg to Coligny,” said department spokesman Shuping Daddy Sebolecwe.He said the driver died on the scene and the passenger survived with serious injuries.In Klerksdorp at around 7.55pm a 32-year-old cyclist was hit by a car and died on the scene.In another incident, police opened a case of drunken driving and culpable homicide after a bakkie collided head-on with a taxi. One of the bakkie’s occupants died on the scene.“Traffic authorities report that the driver of the bakkie was driving recklessly as he was overtaking while there was an oncoming traffic,” said Sebolecwe.Three others died following another accident involving a taxi near Krugersdrop. Sebolecwe said the driver of the taxi lost control of his vehicle just outside Delareyville after a tyre puncture.“One passenger died at the scene of the accident and at a later stage two passengers were reported dead at the hospital,” Sebolecwe said.“About eight people are seriously injured and four with slight injuries, all admitted at hospitals.”
The Waratahs' new tighthead prop sits in a cafe in Coogee, 14,881 kilometres from home.He orders a cappuccino but doesn't drink it. He doesn't touch the obligatory glass of water a waitress places on the table, either.He is worried. He is not sure if he wants to tell his story but he is determined that if his journey to the other side of the world can inspire another young person to cast aside fear and doubt in pursuit of a better life, then it will be worth it.So he takes himself back to that night in 2012 when he and a handful of other terrified, hopeful strangers walked by moonlight from Mozambique to South Africa, through the Kruger National Park.He is Thierry Marcial Kounga Kuate, 17, from Bafoussam, in football-mad Cameroon. His nickname is Darcheville, or "Darche", after the French Guianan footballer Jean-Claude Darcheville, whose compact build Kuate shares.He is a son and a brother, the middle child in a household of four mothers and no father, because he died when Kuate was four. He is his family's breadwinner and has been for five years since leaving primary school to labour on roads and building sites.But he has just left it all behind because above all this he is an aspiring professional rugby player. He has a deep faith, and he has promised himself that one day he will be able to tell his children that he did everything he could to better his situation. So he has left Bafoussam and paid a stranger to help get him to South Africa, via Mozambique, beginning a three-year odyssey of uncertainty and hardship.Now, in the middle of the night, that passion is driving him forward on this treacherous but well-trodden migratory path, used by millions of people over the centuries who have dodged predators in South Africa's most famous game reserve to leave behind conflict and poverty for a chance at something better.It is driving him towards Johannesburg."I was scared, I didn't know where I was going," Kuate says. "I was just at the mercy of whatever happens, it happens."Kuate's group made it to the other side of Kruger and on to a waiting bus that drove them into the heart of "Jozi", South Africa's teeming metropolis which attracts the Rainbow Nation's wealthiest and poorest, its strongest and its most vulnerable.It would be another two years before a chance invitation to train with the Waratahs in Johannesburg turned into a 12-month process to bring him to Sydney and the home of Waratahs assistant Daryl Gibson, who taught Kuate, among other things, that Australia meant leaving your wallet under a towel at the beach while you went swimming.There were many more ups and downs. A season playing for a plate of food a day and a corner of a storeroom floor at the back of a stadium with four other young men. Promises of a contract from the Lions; false starts with a number of smaller clubs, all which sees dozens of hopefuls like Kuate each year - each of them desperate, and willing to play for nothing but a sliver of an opportunity."I didn't want to complain about a bed, I wanted to focus on getting a contract. If I have a contract there are so many beds I can buy. That was what was in my mind."There were also chance meeting with solicitor Derrick Kaufmann in Johannesburg, one which changed Kuate's life."South Africa is a difficult place to live, especially if you're an immigrant, there aren't many opportunities,"  said Kaufmann, who is also a part-time referee."When I got to know him I saw something different in him. I played professional cricket in my younger years and I was always on the fringes, and I felt I was never given the opportunity to break through, partly because I wasn't talented enough."But Darche has an unbelievable soul and something resonated with me when I got to know him. He is really committed to making a better life for himself. The opportunity to help was there and I couldn't walk away from it."Kaufmann met Kuate at a rugby clinic in Johannesburg and struck up a friendship with the introverted young prop over the off-season.It was Kaufmann who helped Kuate make the necessary South African residency applications. Together they navigated the mine field of broken promises and false hope, and it was Kaufmann's acquantaince with Gibson that led to a chance to train with the Waratahs last year - another life-changing encounter.Impressed with Kuate's attitude and skills, head coach Michael Cheika invited Kuate to travel with the team for the rest of their two-game tour to Durban and Cape Town."I was so emotional, I didn't know what to do," Kuate said. "Being with the guys you always see on TV and now to train with them was such a big thing."Cheika was sufficiently impressed to offer Kuate a contract with NSW. That was a year ago this weekend, but a painstaking visa approval process delayed his arrival for more than eight months. During that time, the Sharks also offered Kuate a contract, but the Waratahs' generosity - and the chance to learn from Sekope Kepu and Benn Robinson - had convinced Kuate he should move to Sydney."I believe that there are people you meet in your life and when you meet them your life changes. I really do believe that. I have met a few of those people, who have been good to me when they had no reason to be," he said.So Coogee it is, a world away from Bafoussam, Mozambique and Johannesburg. Successive knee injuries have hampered his chances to crack the match day 23, and he misses his mother and the Kaufmanns, who became his second family during those difficult days in a strange country. But a strapped knee and the odd bout of loneliness have nothing against the inner strength that propelled a teenage Kuate across Kruger three years ago."I am so focused on what I want to achieve that I don't want to get stuck worrying," he said."What I went through has made me strong. What you think is the worst thing that can happen, if it happened to me it would not be strange. It is just my life, and who I am."
The 2013 champions are all set to take to the 22 yards under newly-appointed coach Ricky Ponting, whose aggression and experience would be a big plus to the squad.Last year, led by hard-hitting Indian opener Rohit Sharma, the team reached the play-off stages where they lost to Chennai Super Kings (CSK) in the eliminator by 7 wickets.But after the 2015 IPL auctions the team looks more formidable even before the start.Among the notable buys were Australia's World Cup-winning opener Aaron Finch, who was bought for Rs.3.2crore. The Victorian, part of Sunrisers Hyderabad in the IPL last season, has played 22 Twenty20 Internationals for Australia and scored 756 runs.New Zealand's Mitchell McClenaghan is another crucial purchase. With his ability to pick up wickets, the left-arm pacer is considered a limited overs specialist, who has turned out in 16 Twenty20 Internationals for his national side claiming 17 wickets. Mumbai Indians have done well to get him for Rs.30 lakh.India's spinner Pragyan Ojha bowled with guile during the team's triumphant run in 2013. In the February 16 auction he was roped in for Rs.50 lakh. During his seven-year IPL stint, the Odisha born has got 89 wickets in 91 matches.The 2011 and 2013 Champions League T20 winners have retained bulk of the team they fielded last year and that allows for continuity. Leading from the front will be Rohit, who would be gunning to better his lacklustre show last year when he managed just 390 runs from 15 games.The advantage the team had over the years is the pool of talented players, both Indians and overseas. The presence of Indian batting great Sachin Tendulkar till the sixth IPL was a great boost for the side.Apart from Rohit, young talent in the squad includes batsmen like Aditya Tare, Ambati Rayudu, Unmukt Chand and not to forget pacer Jasprit Bumrah, who bowls with a unique action.As a player, Rayudu is yet to convince many experts, but as a talent his ability has been talked about in volumes over the years. The team has showed a lot of faith in the 29-year-old and it's to be seen if he can pay back rightly.The experience of seasoned campaigners Harbhajan Singh, R. Vinay Kumar, Parthiv Patel will hugely count in Indian soil.Among the overseas players who were retained were New Zealand's all-rounder Corey Anderson, World Cup winning Australian pacer Josh Hazlewood, West Indies big-hitter Keiron Pollard, South Africa pacer Marchant de Lange, West Indies batsman Lendl Simmons, and last but not the least the highest wicket taker in IPL history Sri Lanka's Lasith Malinga.Having all-rounders like Anderson and Pollard is always an advantage for any team, not only in batting but also because of the duo's electric fielding. Pollard, who didn't find a place in the West Indies World Cup squad, will aim to prove his point and get his national spot back.After a fantastic World Cup, Hazlewood will surely be handy for the team, considering his form.However, the rich pool of foreign talent could pose the problem of plenty for the team, as IPL rules allow only four overseas players in the final eleven.No doubt like every season Malinga will be the key man for the 2013 champions. Since joining the side in 2009, he has bowled at an economy of 6.53 in 83 matches, claiming 119 wickets. The Sri Lankan is also the first bowler to complete 100 wickets in the competition.While they have a strong batting and bowling arsenal, its their athletic fielding under the watchful eyes of fielding guru Jonty Rhodes that gives them an edge.Mumbai Indians play their first match against defending champions Kolkata Knight Riders in Kolkata on April 8.Team Schedule - Home: vs Kings XI Punjab (April 12), Chennai Super Kings (April 17), Sunrisers Hyderabad (April 25), Rajasthan Royals (May 1), Delhi Daredevils (May 5), Royal Challengers (May 10), Kolkata Knight Riders (May 14)Away: vs Kolkata Knight Riders (April 8), Rajasthan Royals (April 14), Royal Challengers Bangalore (April 19), Delhi Daredevils (April 23), Kings XI Punjab (May 3), Chennai Super Kings (May 8), Sunrisers Hyderabad (May 17)
After a successful campaign in the Hero Hockey World League (HWL) Round 2 here, Poonam said she and her fellow forwards Vandana Katariya and Rani Rampal are working on new strategies to counter teams like Australia and New Zealand who employ a physical game."Playing against the top teams, especially Australia and host team New Zealand will be a real challenge for us," Poonam said in a release."They have a very strong defence chain and they tackle the strikers by attacking back and which thwarts the efforts to break the shackle and penetrate the D."The tournament will witness India, Argentina, Australia, China, Japan, South Korea, the United States and New Zealand fighting it out for the title.Poonam, who has more than 100 caps, said they are working on improving their running speed that will help them break the defence structure."Speed will be important if we have to break their defence chain and create scoring opportunities," she said."We are working on these aspects and improving our physical fitness as we have to be energetic till the final whistle."Beating the Tasmanian neighbours will be the real and biggest challenge for us."The ongoing preparatory camp here for the Indian team under the guidance of high performance director Roelant Oltmans commenced on March 22 and will conclude on April 7.The team is also preparing for the all important Hockey World League (HWL) Semi-Final in Belgium. If India finish among the top three in Belgium, they will qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympic Games.
BP is to boost the sourcing of oil products from rival Caltex following its decision to close its Brisbane refinery at Bulwer Island.The refinery, which has the capacity to refine 102,000 barrels a day of oil, is to close by mid-year.The closure follows Caltex's decision earlier to shutter its Kurnell refinery in Sydney, which has been converted to an import terminal. The Kurnell refinery closure, which had the capacity to refine 124,500 barrels a day of oil, leaves Caltex with the Lytton refinery in Brisbane, which can handle 106,000 barrels a day.BP said it would turn to imports for its jet-fuel needs while sourcing motor spirit and diesel from Caltex's nearby Lytton refinery."While more of our transport fuel demand will be met by imports in future, ample supplies are available to maintain Australia's energy security," BP's local head, Andy Holmes said.Once processing has been halted, the import jetty, aviation fuel tanks and associated pipelines will remain operational while other storage tanks and pipelines will be placed on a care-and-maintenance basis pending a decision to convert the site to a multi-product import terminal, BP saidBP employs 380 staff at the Bulwer Island refinery and this is expected to fall to about 25 by the middle of the year.Built originally by Amoco, the refinery was acquired by BP in 1984.There has been occasional industry speculation that following the closure of the Kurnell refinery, that Caltex could look to acquire other oil retailers, such as BP, with the sale by Chevron of its half-interest in Caltex last week expected to boost Caltex's appetite for acquisitions.BP has a network of some 1300 retail service stations.
Skipper Brendon McCullum has been declared as the winner of the Sir Richard Hadlee medal, while compatriot Kane Williamson bagged the awards for Best Batsman and Player of the Year across all three ...Australia coach Darren Lehmann has come to the defence of Brad Haddin, stating that the team is proud of its aggressive tactic employed during their World Cup win over New Zealand. Haddin has been ...Emotional Martin Crowe says incredible Kiwis have come of age with stellar WC campaign Legendary New Zealand cricketer Martin Crowe believes that his country's new crop of cricketers have matured significantly, which resulted in them reaching the World Cup final for the first time in ...Attacked with axe and robbed while out fishing Two Korean men have been attacked with an axe while they were fishing in Auckland. ?The pair was fishing at Ti Point in Leigh, Rodney, in the early hours of Wednesday morning when they ...An elderly man is still missing after a boat capsized on Auckland's Manukau Harbour and police hold "grave fears" for his safety.Police are continuing to search for the ...An elderly man who went missing from the Auckland suburb of Howick has been found.Huang Dai went missing from his Udall Place home on Thursday.He was found at 4.30pm on Friday in Bucklands ...Two escape with minor injuries in Otago plane crash Two people escaped with only minor injuries after their plane crashed on Tomohawk Beach near Dunedin.The small plane crashed at about 5pm on Friday.Police attended the scene and the Civil ...For a second time in four months, Hunter Valley Station owners Taff and Penny Cochrane have said they will close Mead Rd to vehicles.The action means people wanting access to Department of ...A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The Wrath Of Robyn upsets favourites in Championship at Forbury Park The Wrath Of Robyn with driver Craig Ferguson and owner-trainer Trevor Cross after winning the $25,000 Four and Five-Year-Old Championship at Forbury Park on Thursday night. ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Five people have been arrested and charged with various offences following a burglary at the Riverton Racecourse in the early hours of yesterday morning .Senior Constable Kelvin Templeton, ...Robert White and his daughter Nicole who will be navigating for her first time at round 5 of the PSP Sprint Championship in Wanaka in their Jet Sprint boat Whiplash. ...
Skipper Brendon McCullum has been declared as the winner of the Sir Richard Hadlee medal, while compatriot Kane Williamson bagged the awards for Best Batsman and Player of the Year across all three ...Australia coach Darren Lehmann has come to the defence of Brad Haddin, stating that the team is proud of its aggressive tactic employed during their World Cup win over New Zealand. Haddin has been ...Emotional Martin Crowe says incredible Kiwis have come of age with stellar WC campaign Legendary New Zealand cricketer Martin Crowe believes that his country's new crop of cricketers have matured significantly, which resulted in them reaching the World Cup final for the first time in ...Attacked with axe and robbed while out fishing Two Korean men have been attacked with an axe while they were fishing in Auckland. ?The pair was fishing at Ti Point in Leigh, Rodney, in the early hours of Wednesday morning when they ...An elderly man is still missing after a boat capsized on Auckland's Manukau Harbour and police hold "grave fears" for his safety.Police are continuing to search for the ...An elderly man who went missing from the Auckland suburb of Howick has been found.Huang Dai went missing from his Udall Place home on Thursday.He was found at 4.30pm on Friday in Bucklands ...Two escape with minor injuries in Otago plane crash Two people escaped with only minor injuries after their plane crashed on Tomohawk Beach near Dunedin.The small plane crashed at about 5pm on Friday.Police attended the scene and the Civil ...For a second time in four months, Hunter Valley Station owners Taff and Penny Cochrane have said they will close Mead Rd to vehicles.The action means people wanting access to Department of ...A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The Wrath Of Robyn upsets favourites in Championship at Forbury Park The Wrath Of Robyn with driver Craig Ferguson and owner-trainer Trevor Cross after winning the $25,000 Four and Five-Year-Old Championship at Forbury Park on Thursday night. ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Five people have been arrested and charged with various offences following a burglary at the Riverton Racecourse in the early hours of yesterday morning .Senior Constable Kelvin Templeton, ...Robert White and his daughter Nicole who will be navigating for her first time at round 5 of the PSP Sprint Championship in Wanaka in their Jet Sprint boat Whiplash. ...
Skipper Brendon McCullum has been declared as the winner of the Sir Richard Hadlee medal, while compatriot Kane Williamson bagged the awards for Best Batsman and Player of the Year across all three ...Australia coach Darren Lehmann has come to the defence of Brad Haddin, stating that the team is proud of its aggressive tactic employed during their World Cup win over New Zealand. Haddin has been ...Emotional Martin Crowe says incredible Kiwis have come of age with stellar WC campaign Legendary New Zealand cricketer Martin Crowe believes that his country's new crop of cricketers have matured significantly, which resulted in them reaching the World Cup final for the first time in ...Attacked with axe and robbed while out fishing Two Korean men have been attacked with an axe while they were fishing in Auckland. ?The pair was fishing at Ti Point in Leigh, Rodney, in the early hours of Wednesday morning when they ...An elderly man is still missing after a boat capsized on Auckland's Manukau Harbour and police hold "grave fears" for his safety.Police are continuing to search for the ...An elderly man who went missing from the Auckland suburb of Howick has been found.Huang Dai went missing from his Udall Place home on Thursday.He was found at 4.30pm on Friday in Bucklands ...Two escape with minor injuries in Otago plane crash Two people escaped with only minor injuries after their plane crashed on Tomohawk Beach near Dunedin.The small plane crashed at about 5pm on Friday.Police attended the scene and the Civil ...For a second time in four months, Hunter Valley Station owners Taff and Penny Cochrane have said they will close Mead Rd to vehicles.The action means people wanting access to Department of ...A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The Wrath Of Robyn upsets favourites in Championship at Forbury Park The Wrath Of Robyn with driver Craig Ferguson and owner-trainer Trevor Cross after winning the $25,000 Four and Five-Year-Old Championship at Forbury Park on Thursday night. ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Five people have been arrested and charged with various offences following a burglary at the Riverton Racecourse in the early hours of yesterday morning .Senior Constable Kelvin Templeton, ...Robert White and his daughter Nicole who will be navigating for her first time at round 5 of the PSP Sprint Championship in Wanaka in their Jet Sprint boat Whiplash. ...
Skipper Brendon McCullum has been declared as the winner of the Sir Richard Hadlee medal, while compatriot Kane Williamson bagged the awards for Best Batsman and Player of the Year across all three ...Australia coach Darren Lehmann has come to the defence of Brad Haddin, stating that the team is proud of its aggressive tactic employed during their World Cup win over New Zealand. Haddin has been ...Emotional Martin Crowe says incredible Kiwis have come of age with stellar WC campaign Legendary New Zealand cricketer Martin Crowe believes that his country's new crop of cricketers have matured significantly, which resulted in them reaching the World Cup final for the first time in ...Attacked with axe and robbed while out fishing Two Korean men have been attacked with an axe while they were fishing in Auckland. ?The pair was fishing at Ti Point in Leigh, Rodney, in the early hours of Wednesday morning when they ...An elderly man is still missing after a boat capsized on Auckland's Manukau Harbour and police hold "grave fears" for his safety.Police are continuing to search for the ...An elderly man who went missing from the Auckland suburb of Howick has been found.Huang Dai went missing from his Udall Place home on Thursday.He was found at 4.30pm on Friday in Bucklands ...Two escape with minor injuries in Otago plane crash Two people escaped with only minor injuries after their plane crashed on Tomohawk Beach near Dunedin.The small plane crashed at about 5pm on Friday.Police attended the scene and the Civil ...For a second time in four months, Hunter Valley Station owners Taff and Penny Cochrane have said they will close Mead Rd to vehicles.The action means people wanting access to Department of ...A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The Wrath Of Robyn upsets favourites in Championship at Forbury Park The Wrath Of Robyn with driver Craig Ferguson and owner-trainer Trevor Cross after winning the $25,000 Four and Five-Year-Old Championship at Forbury Park on Thursday night. ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Five people have been arrested and charged with various offences following a burglary at the Riverton Racecourse in the early hours of yesterday morning .Senior Constable Kelvin Templeton, ...Robert White and his daughter Nicole who will be navigating for her first time at round 5 of the PSP Sprint Championship in Wanaka in their Jet Sprint boat Whiplash. ...
Brisbane Roar are clearly ready to defend their A-League crown if a shock finals berth falls their way courtesy of Perth Glory's salary cap strife, according to coach Frans Thijssen.As the Glory prepare to answer to multiple allegations of serious cap breaches, the Roar showed the kind of damage they could inflict on their rivals with a 6-1 demolition of the hapless Central Coast Mariners on Thursday.Currently five points outside the top six, Brisbane's ladder position could be a moot point if Perth are found guilty and stripped of competition points as flagged by FFA earlier on Thursday.Thijssen wouldn't speak directly about Perth's predicament, saying the Roar can't afford to think about anything else but themselves – particularly with an AFC Champions League campaign on the side and a trip to South Korea looming next week.But he warned that if push comes to shove and they do Steven Bradbury their way into the finals, they won't be there to make up the numbers."We know we have a good team and if everybody's here we can beat anybody," Thijssen said. "That's clear, I think, for everybody."The Glory have until April 8 to justify alleged payments to five players, including star striker Andy Keogh, who was reportedly paid $150,000 into a bank account held by a family member and not included as part of Perth's salary cap declarations.The scandal is manna from heaven for Brisbane, who appeared to be out of finals calculations after a run of five games without a win in all competitions - including four straight A-League losses.Thijssen said it wasn't the scent of new hope that spurred the Roar onto their crushing victory, rather the return of influential players such as Thomas Broich and Matt McKay.Broich laid on two assists in his comeback from an ankle injury while McKay, who has been on Socceroos duty, was an unused substitute."If you see the presence even on the bench and the dressing room with Thomas Broich and Matt McKay ... it's important," Thijssen said."It's good to see [Broich] back and get 45 minutes, everyone in the group sees that as very positive. Everybody's performing again."But McKay's return presents Thijssen with another quandary – what to do with hat-trick hero Steven Lustica.The 23-year-old midfielder ran rings around the Mariners, scoring two stunning long-range strikes to make the most of a rare starting opportunity.Yet with McKay back, Broich fit and Luke Brattan cemented in his position, it's highly likely Lustica will drop to the bench for next week's AFC Champions League meeting with Suwon Samsung Bluewings."That's good. It gives me an extra choice, that's positive," Thijssen said.
Jessica Alba proved she's still got one of the hottest bodies in showbiz as she frolicked in the sea with her family on Thursday.The Honey actress flaunted her rock-hard abs and toned and tanned legs as she spent a day on the beach in a blue bikini.With her hair down and without a scrap of make-up on, Jess showcased her natural beauty as she spent some quality time with her family.The star is in St Barthes with her husband, Cash Warren and her daughters, Honor, Seven and Haven, four, for spring break.Gorgeous Jess was seen taking eldest daughter Honor snorkeling in the sea, stopping to shared cuddles and kisses in the crystal clear waters.Hubby Cash joined his girls and was seen snuggling up to his wife as they watched their daughters play.The actress does her best Baywatch impressionAfter their sea excursion, the family headed back to the beach where Jessica took little Haven for a walk along the sands.After sunning herself on the beach, the actress threw on a pretty blue kaftan and paddled in the shallows as Honor continued to play in the sea.Just before Christmas, Jessica admitted she wasn't happy with her body.Jess splashes around in the seaShe said: "I think diets are boring ... Life’s too short to deprive yourself."I can’t get through a meeting without candy."The 33-year-old actress found exercise "brutal" when she was younger but loves it now because it means she can have some alone time.She shared: "I didn’t appreciate working out when I was in my 20s. It was purely for work, and I hated it so much. It was just brutal."Now I enjoy it, because it’s ‘me’ time and a stress-reliever."Jessica has a home gym - where she does sprints and Pilates as well as attending "competitive" spin classes - admitting that she loves how she feels after having exercised.She said: "It’s fun to mix it up. And I really like to work out with friends. They keep me accountable."I like how I feel after a workout.”Despite her intensive exercise regime, Jessica isn't worried about perfection.She told Natural Health magazine: "I’m a little squishy right now. It’s fine. I don’t care."
Raheem Sterling: Every week his £100,000 per week offer goes unsigned, it costs him £65,000But he “doesn't want to be perceived as a 20 year old money-grabber, just a kid that loves to play football.”The Liverpool and England winger got it right and wrong this week, as he kicked off an auction for his signature.What he SHOULD have said is: “I may be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old but I am currently testing out what my market value is.“I am one of the brightest, and exciting prospects England has. Premier League clubs have seen their incomes soar £30-40 million recently because of the TV deal, banking sums approaching £100m a year.“As one of the stars of that show for the next decade, I wonder if I am worth £7.5 million a year?“My priority is to win trophies, I want to play for the world's biggest clubs, with the best players. I want to make the best of my talents, including being paid what I am worth.”Sterling is currently on £35,000 a week. He has been offered £100,000 a week by Liverpool. Every week that offer goes unsigned, it costs him £65,000.Maybe he is worth £140k a week, maybe he isn't. That kind of salary for a 20-year-old over five years is certainly taking a punt on his potential, rather than a polished gem.The charade played out by footballers during their contract negotiations is an insult to fans.A bit of ruthless honesty would go down better than the “I'm flattered” platitudes spoken when players like Sterling are linked with other clubs, or seeking new contracts.These days fans can see through the weasel-words. They can decode the half-truths and deflections from the real issue at hand.Footballers like money, like any other worker. Offered a big pay rise to go to a rival firm, a window-fitter or a plumber would be interested.So why do we sneer at footballers, whose fortune may be defined on a couple of big contracts, for trying to maximise their earnings?Their loyalty is to their pay cheques, and the pursuit of more, and we should stop kidding ourselves otherwise. They are not particularly loyal to the badge they kiss to keep fans on-side when scoring a goal.A decade ago is seemed obscene that Alan Shearer, the Premier League's greatest striker, earned around £100k a week from salary and endorsements.Alan Shearer: Imagine what he'd be earning if he was playing now...Imagine what he'd be worth now. Probably around £300k a week.Footballers are still nowhere near earning the same as American Footballers or baseball's biggest names.Wage inflation is here to stay as long as the TV cash keeps flowing in. Sterling could be one of the stars of the Premier League show around the world for the next ten years. Or he may go to Barcelona or Real Madrid.The stars of the show will keep banking their slice of the riches.The obscene figures feel like an insult to the modern fans, who is increasingly unable to comprehend the sums involved... while being asked to pay £50-60-70 a match to fill the stand.I'm more concerned about ticket pricing. Or very average players banking millions. Or agents creaming off a fortune. Or poor foreigners filling up our lower leagues. Or disinterested owners.Perhaps I'm wrong, but I'm less bothered about the stars at the very top getting very rich. They are the ones with the talent, who we want to watch.Adam Johnson scores Sunderland's winner in the last Tyne-Wear derbyOtherwise known as the Donkey Derby.The worst footballing side in the division (Sunderland), play their bi-annual get out of jail free card, and bank another three points against Newcastle.This will be a home win, and the Mackems' fifth Tyne-Wear derby win in a row.Newcastle's donation of six points to Sunderland's cause will single handedly have saved them from relegation.Stamford Bridge is no longer the fortress it once was, and Chelsea are not as formidable as a few months ago.That said, they are still cantering towards the title, and as the finish line gets nearer, the likelihood of slip-ups diminish.It would be typical if they ground out a win against a Stoke side having a very decent, under the radar, sort of season.Will Chelsea blow it? Jose Mourinho can no longer count on a 100% home recordAlan Pardew had a poor league record against City as Newcastle boss. However he did manage to set Newcastle up tactically very well to clinch a victory in the Capital One cup in October.Do Palace have a strong enough defence to soak up pressure? What they do have is the counter attacking pace that worked well for his former side at the Etihad.So this game could prove harder that City might anticipate. And City can't afford to drop any more points.Louis van Gaal: Has he finally cracked the formula to get United winning?Has Louis Van Gaal finally cracked it? On the evidence of the past few games he might have.Beating Spurs and Liverpool are signs he has a formula not only to win games, but to damage major rivals.United are in with a shout for second place – just two points off Man City in second and one behind Arsenal in third.It makes the fight for the top four interesting. Villa's revival may come to a halt.Man of the moment: Harry Kane is bang in formHarry Kane may be the man of the moment with his goals for club and country, but he will still be bound for the U21 squad this summer.Kane is needed by Gareth Southgate, and Roy Hodgson says he will learn more from the tournament in the Czech Republic than playing in the senior games in June.Hopefully Kane isn't too big for his boots yet and will agree. Southgate has “passed on” u21 stars like Raheem Sterling, Jack Wilshere and Phil Jones.He says they are now established seniors, and doesn't want to pick them. But Kane must go. Can his hot streak continue?While we are on the subject of the U21s, England should also choose Ross Barkley.Can his exploits for Everton this season, and England, mean he is now an established senior international?I'd say he is still learning and a dose of tournament football would be good for his development. Southgate should fight to pick him.Ross Barkley: The Everton man should be in the England U21s squadSurely this has to be Leicester's final chance to go on a run. They are going down unless they achieve a miracle. Which means three or four wins in a row. Then a couple more.West Ham are in second place in the second division of the Premier League. They have little to play for apart from climbing above Swansea.Steve Bruce has coined another term for the tense run in. Following on from Sir Alex Ferguson's “squeaky bum time”, Bruce says: “This is when it gets tickly.”Hull are three points and a decent goal difference above Burnley. Not much breathing space and at least a couple of wins required for safety.Southampton and Liverpool follow, so it could get even ticklier.Steve Bruce: "This is when it gets tickly"Four points adrift from safety, QPR need to make their move now.Then they face Aston Villa away, before Chelsea visit. Chris Ramsey's side have the worst defence in the league – 54 goals conceded, but the best strike force in the bottom seven.
Skipper Brendon McCullum has been declared as the winner of the Sir Richard Hadlee medal, while compatriot Kane Williamson bagged the awards for Best Batsman and Player of the Year across all three ...Australia coach Darren Lehmann has come to the defence of Brad Haddin, stating that the team is proud of its aggressive tactic employed during their World Cup win over New Zealand. Haddin has been ...Emotional Martin Crowe says incredible Kiwis have come of age with stellar WC campaign Legendary New Zealand cricketer Martin Crowe believes that his country's new crop of cricketers have matured significantly, which resulted in them reaching the World Cup final for the first time in ...Attacked with axe and robbed while out fishing Two Korean men have been attacked with an axe while they were fishing in Auckland. ?The pair was fishing at Ti Point in Leigh, Rodney, in the early hours of Wednesday morning when they ...An elderly man is still missing after a boat capsized on Auckland's Manukau Harbour and police hold "grave fears" for his safety.Police are continuing to search for the ...An elderly man who went missing from the Auckland suburb of Howick has been found.Huang Dai went missing from his Udall Place home on Thursday.He was found at 4.30pm on Friday in Bucklands ...Two escape with minor injuries in Otago plane crash Two people escaped with only minor injuries after their plane crashed on Tomohawk Beach near Dunedin.The small plane crashed at about 5pm on Friday.Police attended the scene and the Civil ...For a second time in four months, Hunter Valley Station owners Taff and Penny Cochrane have said they will close Mead Rd to vehicles.The action means people wanting access to Department of ...A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The Wrath Of Robyn upsets favourites in Championship at Forbury Park The Wrath Of Robyn with driver Craig Ferguson and owner-trainer Trevor Cross after winning the $25,000 Four and Five-Year-Old Championship at Forbury Park on Thursday night. ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Five people have been arrested and charged with various offences following a burglary at the Riverton Racecourse in the early hours of yesterday morning .Senior Constable Kelvin Templeton, ...Robert White and his daughter Nicole who will be navigating for her first time at round 5 of the PSP Sprint Championship in Wanaka in their Jet Sprint boat Whiplash. ...
Skipper Brendon McCullum has been declared as the winner of the Sir Richard Hadlee medal, while compatriot Kane Williamson bagged the awards for Best Batsman and Player of the Year across all three ...Australia coach Darren Lehmann has come to the defence of Brad Haddin, stating that the team is proud of its aggressive tactic employed during their World Cup win over New Zealand. Haddin has been ...Emotional Martin Crowe says incredible Kiwis have come of age with stellar WC campaign Legendary New Zealand cricketer Martin Crowe believes that his country's new crop of cricketers have matured significantly, which resulted in them reaching the World Cup final for the first time in ...Attacked with axe and robbed while out fishing Two Korean men have been attacked with an axe while they were fishing in Auckland. ?The pair was fishing at Ti Point in Leigh, Rodney, in the early hours of Wednesday morning when they ...An elderly man is still missing after a boat capsized on Auckland's Manukau Harbour and police hold "grave fears" for his safety.Police are continuing to search for the ...An elderly man who went missing from the Auckland suburb of Howick has been found.Huang Dai went missing from his Udall Place home on Thursday.He was found at 4.30pm on Friday in Bucklands ...Two escape with minor injuries in Otago plane crash Two people escaped with only minor injuries after their plane crashed on Tomohawk Beach near Dunedin.The small plane crashed at about 5pm on Friday.Police attended the scene and the Civil ...For a second time in four months, Hunter Valley Station owners Taff and Penny Cochrane have said they will close Mead Rd to vehicles.The action means people wanting access to Department of ...A pilot has walked away from a classic World War II aircraft after one of its brakes failed during a landing at Omaka Aerodrome in Blenheim.The Focke Wulf FW190, piloted by Frank Parker ...A doctor has escaped a drink driving charge after claiming he was fleeing Northland locals who attacked him for being an Aucklander.Carl Harmer was spotted driving erratically by police ...Easter trading laws have not prevented Palmerston North gardeners from stocking up on supplies for the long weekend.A steady stream of customers with green thumbs were shopping at Oderings ...The Wrath Of Robyn upsets favourites in Championship at Forbury Park The Wrath Of Robyn with driver Craig Ferguson and owner-trainer Trevor Cross after winning the $25,000 Four and Five-Year-Old Championship at Forbury Park on Thursday night. ...The humble hot cross bun can be dangerous, but not as perilous as the Easter egg.But both Easter treats pale in comparison to foil and chocolate.ACC data show five accident claims were ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...Five people have been arrested and charged with various offences following a burglary at the Riverton Racecourse in the early hours of yesterday morning .Senior Constable Kelvin Templeton, ...Robert White and his daughter Nicole who will be navigating for her first time at round 5 of the PSP Sprint Championship in Wanaka in their Jet Sprint boat Whiplash. ...
The Rabbitohs won an Easter epic, thanks to a brain explosion from Bulldogs skipper James Graham who was hell bent on redemption after they lost last year’s decider.Up next, the Queensland derby between the embattled Titans and Wayne Bennett’s Broncos kicks off at 8.35pm (EDT).Follow all the action in our live blog below!
Poor Diana Vickers and boyfriend George Craig have been urging Twitter followers to help in the search for heir pet Chihuahua.The pair, who live together in East London, have shared dozens of tweets between them after their dog Biggie went missing yesterday.Next to a picture of the tiny brown pup, Diana wrote: "Our dog Biggie has gone missing. Around the Victoria park area East London. He's a small Chihuahua. Please all LOOK!"While George added that the dog could have been taken in the park.Harry Styles sister Gemma also tweeted: "Anyone in Victoria Park area of London please keep an eye out for Biggie, he's lost!"George's pal actor Jamie Campbell Bower also joined in the search and urged Twitter to get in touch if they'd seen him.Diana, who's now offering a reward to anyone who finds Biggie, later shared another heartbreaking picture of her cat Kiki looking out the window."Kiki has been sat in that spot looking out for hours. She's looking for biggie. Come home Mr biggles."If you've seen Biggie, tweet Diana at @DianaVickers or George at @Georgecraigono.
Robin van Persie has been ruled out of Manchester United's Barclays Premier League match against Aston Villa on Saturday.Van Persie has not played for United since he suffered an ankle injury in the 2-1 defeat to Swansea on February 21.It was expected he would return this weekend after the international break, but manager Louis van Gaal said the Holland striker is still not match fit."Robin van Persie is still injured," the United manager said at his weekly press conference at the AON Training Complex."We have a process. He has to go to the final football coach before he comes into my group and he is not there yet."He is still not in my group."
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's central bank is introducing a registration system for companies that issue asset-backed securities (ABS) to simplify the process and increase transparency in the sector.China has cautiously encouraged greater use of ABS in recent years to provide firms with more channels to raise funds and deepen the country's financial market.Firms selling ABS need only register with the central bank now before issuing their products. Previously, regulatory review and approval had to be sought for all such issues.ABS sellers are also encouraged to provide financial information to the public about the assets underlying their securities, the People's Bank of China said in an online statement.Simplifying business procedures and cutting red tape is a key plank in China's plans to reorient the world's second-biggest economy to give free markets a bigger role.By reducing state planning, authorities hope to increase the efficiency of investment in the country.Regulators are also planning to move the management of initial public offerings to a registration-based system that mirrors those in developed countries, aiming to let the market play a bigger role in the timing and pricing of share offerings.
Can we please just let clothes be clothes without the stigma attached?There have been enough examples of this, from a male student being sent home for wearing a dress right through to pink things for girls and blue things for boys (with all the stereotypical things attached).In a NYU college store in the US, these two items for young children were placed next to each other.While we have no confirmation about which gender each was targeted at, we're guessing that you're thinking the same thing we are:The company who makes the product is Wry Baby, though the product is not currently for sale on its website.According to Daddy Types, the clothes have now been withdrawn from sale from the NYU store.We've contacted NYU to make sure that this is the case. We've also contacted Wry Baby to see what they make of it all.
Fine Gael TD for Roscommon/ South Leitrim, Frank Feighan, has definitively stated that Roscommon Hospital is safer than ever before.He also stated the future of the hospital has never been more secure as a result of investments made at the hospital in the last four years.“As the only Government TD in the Roscommon/ South Leitrim constituency, I have exercised my influence at the highest level to ensure an investment programme of €20 million is being injected into the hospital.“At the heart of these major investment plans for Roscommon Hospital are an Endoscopy Suite, which is due to open in a few months time: a Medical Rehabilitation Centre which will serve the Western region and a major Palliative Care Centre.”
Former vice president Joice Mujuru has been expelled from Zimbabwe's ruling Zanu-PF party. (Aaron Ufumeli)Former vice-president Joice Mujuru (59) was accused of “plotting to unconstitutionally remove President Robert Mugabe from office”, according to a statement from Simon Khaya-Moyo, spokesperson for the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front.She was also accused of “orchestrating factionalism in the party thereby causing acrimonious divisions” and “engaging in activities that smack of corruption”.Mujuru was long considered a likely successor to Mugabe, who is 91 and first came to power in 1980, but she fell out with the veteran leader late last year and was sacked as vice-president in December.Her allies in government were also fired and expelled from ZANU-PF after Mugabe himself accused her of plotting to oust him.Joice Mujuru is a former guerrilla fighter from the liberation war in the former Rhodesia and the widow of army commander Solomon Mujuru, who died in a mysterious house fire in 2011.After holding cabinet posts in every government since independence in 1980, Mujuru came under heavy attack from Mugabe’s wife Grace, who was promoted to head ZANU-PF’s powerful women’s wing at the last party congress in December.Apart from the allegations seen as grounds for Mujuru’s expulsion, the First Lady also charged that Mujuru was incompetent and had let her husband do most of the work.Mugabe replaced Mujuru as vice-president with his justice minister Emmerson Mnangagwa, a hardliner in the regime. – AFP
Shareen, 23, from Glasgow’s Thornliebank, comes from a family of Labour supporters but chose to back the SNP on independence.Her opinion shifted again in the run up to General Election and she didn’t feel the party had done enough to get her vote.She thought the female leaders shone through in the first half of the debate and Sturgeon’s effort reminded her why she supported the SNP in the referendum.But it was Miliband’s “consistency” throughout that has made her consider her Labour roots once again.She said: “There is still a lot of ambiguity when it comes to the SNP – that’s why I’m unsure.“In the first half, the SNP were coming out on top for me for sure. Sturgeon was was the most articulate but seemed to fall away a bit towards the end.“Miliband answered everything and was consistent throughout. I think he came out on top for me overall, with Nicola a strong second.“But there has been a lot of squabbling. Cameron and Miliband are just giving the same repetition over and over again. ‘Balance the books’ is a phrase which has been overused in this debate.“I wanted to know a lot more about the NHS and privatisation. Everyone is throwing in their opinion but we’re not getting a solid answer.“Farage’s comments on the NHS – hospitals and HIV – baffled me.“I haven’t liked him from the beginning. He just wanted to shout over everyone.”Chris McQuade, of Rutherglen, Glasgow, said he was disappointed to watch the big party leaders’ rehearsed speeches.The 22-year-old said: “I think the three ladies have spoken better during the debate and the two leaders looked rattled to me – especially David Cameron. Everyone was lining up to have a pot shot at him.“Nigel Farage has really come out and tied his colours to the mast as a complete racist. He is blaming immigration on every problem.“Nicola Sturgeon put Cameron on the spot when he was talking abut putting more money into the NHS. She said, ‘where from? Child benefits? Disability payments?’ He didn’t have an answer for her.He added: “There have been rehearsed speeches from the two major party leaders which I was hoping wouldn’t happen, but I think Miliband has coped better than Cameron.“I put Farage above Cameron for charisma. Though I don’t agree with his policies, he stuck to them strongly.“I was swinging towards the SNP but I don’t think they’re going to gain the massive amount of seats the poles are showing.“I’m totally open minded about it. A bit more transparency would be good.”Lauren Mair, 19, of Rutherglen, Glasgow, said Sturgeon’s vows on poverty and education impressed her.She said: “Sturgeon has come out strongest because it seems like David Miliband or Cameron are trying to take a shot at each other.“She is making a stand if there is something said she doesn’t agree with.“Cameron seems to be avoiding questions. He was asked about hospital waiting times and just completely ignored it.“The SNP say they are going to focus on inequalities as much as they can and that’s important.“I also agreed with Sturgeon’s thoughts on education. But I would like to know what would happen if the SNP get substantial power in Westminster.“I don’t think I really expected the debate to help me decide on who I would vote for. ”Jon Brady, 24, from Thornliebank, Glasgow, said Sturgeon stood her ground while the big leaders “stumbled”.He said: “There was a lot of sound bites, nitpicking and recycled statements – not a lot of debate.“The big leaders, Cameron, Miliband and Clegg, all stumbled. Cameron was muted and muddled. It hasn’t really done him any favours but I wouldn’t say it has backfired for him either.“Sturgeon was quite strong and composed – Natalie Bennett was as well.“The big surprise was Leanne Wood – she has come across as quite timid and mousey. She should have given something more.“Farage is a personality politician. It’s all about standing in the pub with a pint in his hand but, when you press him on a policy, he flounders.“We’re probably going to have Labour and the Conservatives with the majority of the seats but you’re going to have more parties shaking things up.“The debate worked a lot better than I was expecting.”She says: “I was a Green voter until the referendum campaign when I switched to the SNP. I think they’ll be a far stronger voice for Scotland.“After watching the debate, it’s clear the SNP and Greens are both very strong.“Natalie Bennett did a very good job fighting her corner, but for me, Nicola was the best.“If Nicola has a big group of MPs at Westminster, she will be able to speak up for Scotland and get the job done. The questions were very England-based so it was good to hear the SNP speaking up on the NHS.“Her performance makes me confident that she’d take the right approach at Westminster so I hope they win a lot of seats.”The SNP decided: The girls were on fireCHRIS Dalziel, 24, is a customer services adviser from Edinburgh and an SNP supporter.He said: “Nicola Sturgeon was brilliant, and she was funny too.“It was good to see her rubbish Farage, who was terrible.“She also clearly managed to get lots of support across the UK.“I think she was strong on the NHS and said the right things on austerity.“We need to get a sense of community back in this country.“Natalie Bennett was also really impressive. I’d never even given the Greens a thought before.“But Sturgeon was still best because she addressed everyone.“The girls had it – they were on fire.“The Plaid Cymru leader clearly only spoke to people in Wales, and Farage only cares about England. Nicola managed to target the whole of Britain and did very well with it.“David Cameron was obviously the villain of the piece and Miliband was just a bit rubbish – he was just saying the same old things.“I do think we’ll end up with a Labour/SNP deal after the election though. It won’t be a government, but a loose deal on issues.”The Labour decided: Ed did a job on CameronCOMMITTED Labour voter Scott Rogers, 24, from Glasgow, was delighted with his man’s performance.“Ed Miliband did very well tonight, he went after Cameron on the NHS and he did a very good job,” said Scott.“The debate itself was infuriating at times. There was a lot of the leaders shouting over each other and not a lot of policy.“In fact, they seemed to spend a lot of the time arguing over how we’d got to the situation at the last election.“Miliband was right to go for Cameron on that and ask him about the future, not the past.“I would have liked Miliband to have had more time to press Nicola Sturgeon on full fiscal autonomy for Scotland and the spending cuts that would mean.“But that got squeezed out. I think Cameron just stood back and let the others argue and that suited him at times.“I think what people want to see is a live head-to-head between Cameron and Miliband, but Cameron is scared.“I was pleased to see Miliband come out with such a strong message. The Tory press are trying to paint him as weak.“But that is working in his favour because when people actually see him they see that he has a very strong message.”Try our quick news quiz below:
Commentators in Iran, Israel and the US are divided in their reaction to the framework agreement on the future shape of Iran's nuclear programme.Iranian TV is reflecting the jubilation of ordinary people, but some conservative media feel Iran compromised too much.Two major US dailies give conflicting viewpoints, with one calling the deal "promising" and another saying it falls far short of President Obama's original goals.In a rare, perhaps unprecedented move, Iranian state TV broadcast President Obama's speech on the deal live.The flagship news bulletin of Iran's state Channel One showed scenes of jubilation as crowds gathered to welcome Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif back in Tehran, chanting "Viva Javad Zarif. Long live Rouhani.""Iran's nuclear programme will continue and none of our nuclear facilities will shut down," the bulletin quoted Zarif as saying.At a speech at the Tehran's Friday prayers, broadcast on Iranian TV, the mood was equally upbeat."Nobody uses a language of threat against the Iranian people any more," President Hassan Rouhani's chief of staff Mohammad Nahavandian said before the main sermon.Rouhani is due to address the nation this evening on the framework nuclear agreement.Conservative media outlets, however, see the framework deal as a mistake.Hoseyn Shariatmadari, the editor-in-chief of the influential hard-line daily Keyhan, expressed his dejection over Iran agreeing to the framework agreement.Keyhan is seen by many as the mouthpiece of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei."To sum up the deal framework in one sentence - we gave a saddled horse and in lieu received a torn bridle," Mr Shariatmadari told the Fars news agency.Iranian newspapers are closed for the Persian New Year holiday.In Israel, most papers say the agreement is against the country's interests."The key word is trust and there is no trust in the Iranians. Also after the achievement of a framework agreement yesterday with Tehran, even President Barack Obama admitted in his speech in Washington that he does not believe the Iranians," says a commentary in Yisrael Hayom (in Hebrew).An article in Yediot Aharonot says: "The agreement provides international legitimacy to Iran's status as nuclear threshold state and this is bad for Israel".But independent broadsheet Haaretz sees the deal as "not a bad one at all"."When the details are examined in depth we see many positive points in the agreement that serve Israel's security interest and answer the concerns in Jerusalem," it says.A New York Times' editorial welcomes the "promising" nuclear deal with Iran."By opening a dialogue between Iran and America, the negotiations have begun to ease more than 30 years of enmity. Over the long run, an agreement could make the Middle East safer and offer a path for Iran, the leading Shiite country, to rejoin the international community," says the paper.But a sceptical Washington Post suggests that the "key parameters" for a deal "fall well short of the goals originally set by the Obama administration"."None of Iran's nuclear facilities- including the Fordow centre buried under a mountain - will be closed. Not one of the country's 19,000 centrifuges will be dismantled. Tehran's existing stockpile of enriched uranium will be "reduced" but not necessarily shipped out of the country. In effect, Iran's nuclear infrastructure will remain intact, though some of it will be mothballed for 10 years.When the accord lapses, the Islamic republic will instantly become a threshold nuclear state," the paper says in its editorial.It also raises concerns that the economic boost resulting from the proposed deal will allow Iran to "wage more aggressively the wars it is already fighting or sponsoring across the region".BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
The mayor of a small eastern German town was forced to resign due to far-right protests against an influx of refugees, reports Deutsche Welle, Germany's international broadcaster.Tröglitz, a small town of just 2,700, mainly German, residents, is divided over plans to house some three dozen refugee families. Some 650 refugees are expected in the area in 2015, reports the German broadcaster.The news of the refugees’ arrival mobilised the local branch of the far-right NPD party into action. It organised weekly marches.Mayor Markus Nierth resigned after local authorities allowed far-right NPD members and supporters to march on his house. His children were "much too valuable" to be exposed to hate-filled shouting and the sight of armed police officers standing guard outside the house, Nierth said.A theologian who became mayor five years ago, Nierth told the German news magazine Der Spiegel that he had endured a three-month "tragedy" since calling on townspeople to welcome the refugees in December.
With its Anglican Church and English gardens, Monte da Palhagueira is a British outpost in southern Portugal, an "El Dorado" for European retirees due to its generous tax incentives and sunny climate.But there are conditions to living there -- residents must be more than 55-years-old and have a sizeable nest egg of British pounds."Here I have a life without stress, I do yoga and go for long walks with my dog," said Sally Kerr, a slender-framed 64-year-old, as she scans a panoramic view of green hills from the rooftop of her villa in the retirement community.She moved to Portugal two years ago after leaving behind a demanding job as a security manager at the Sellafield nuclear power plant in northwest England.Her husband David, 65, a passionate golfer, stayed behind in England and flies out to be with her on weekends. He plans to join her permanently once he retires.The country's mild climate played a key role in their decision."Even in winter I can take my tea on the terrace. And the cost of living is about 30 percent less than in Britain," said Kerr as she watered her plants.With its cobbled narrow streets and white-washed houses nestled on a hill and surrounded by olive and palm trees, Monte da Palhagueira is modelled on the ancient towns of the Algarve, Portugal's southernmost province which is popular with British holidaymakers.But life in the town resembles Little England. English dominates, even if Portuguese language courses are offered to newcomers.The nurses and doctors at the town's nursing home are British as is the town's priest. In fact, virtually everyone is British except the gardeners and housemaids.The Daily Telegraph and other British newspapers are delivered daily.He also spends his time preparing the village's quarterly newsletter, "The Full Monty", named after a 1997 British comedy-drama about a group of unemployed men who become strippers."I can't imagine passing my time sitting in an armchair until the end of my life, brains have to work. Writing, learning a new language, is better than just waiting for death," said Rush.His wife Paulette, a retired Latin teacher who was born in Belgium, is also happy with life in the village."It's our little corner of paradise, we never get bored here, people talk on their doorstep, in England we would have a much more lonely life," she said.Living in the retirement community has a price: to have the right to live in one of its 33 villas spread out over 22 acres costs between 79,000 and 350,000 British pounds (108,000 to 478,000 euros/$118,000 to $520,000) depending on their size.The properties are available under a "loan and accommodation agreement" -- so if an occupant dies or decides to move the amount paid is refunded and the property reverts back to the Amesbury Abbey Group, a family-run firm that runs similar retirement communities in Britain."It is the same as in England except that it is warmer here," said the director of the company, David Cornelius-Reid."The arrangement allows families to avoid having to resell the home and have to pay taxes and notary fees," he added.Demand has increased since Portugal's centre-right government introduced fiscal incentives aimed at attracting wealthy foreigners to the country, he added.Since 2013 all European private sector retirees who move for the first time to Portugal are exempt from taxes on their pensions from their country of origin for 10 years.This measure has drawn thousands of retirees to Portugal, with French pensioners leading the charge. Last year nearly 4,000 apartments or houses were sold to French nationals.Monte da Palhagueira, which was built on the site of an abandoned farming estate and inaugurated in 1999 by veteran British pop singer Cliff Richard, has appealed to more than just British retirees.After living in India, Italy, France and the United States, Margrethe Munch Thore, 77, a retired Norwegian culinary journalist and her Swedish husband Sten, an 84-year-old economics professor, just moved into a 270 square-metre (2,900 square-foot) villa."I have everything here, I don't need to travel," said Sten, who wore white running shoes and jeans as he flexed his fingers on his Steinway piano."And with the glacial cold in Sweden, I would not survive," he added.There is just one complaint, according to another resident, 66-year-old Alan Barker."A cup of coffee costs three times less in Portugal but there are no real English pubs here," he said.
Banks are set to be embarrassed into reducing steep variable mortgage rates and passing on reductions or cash savings to struggling homeowners.The central bank is compiling a report on what type of profits banks are earning on variable mortgage rates here, which are more than double those charged elsewhere in the eurozone.Finance Minister Michael Noonan yesterday signalled that institutions would have to respond as he warned that he would have no qualms about hauling in bank bosses over the matter.Figures yesterday showed that 16,683 borrowers in difficulty faced losing their homes by the end of 2014.The loss of a home was involved in a third of all mortgage arrears resolutions concluded with private homeowners by the end of last year, the central bank figures show.By the end of the year, 67,617 solutions were agreed by banks in mortgage arrear cases.Mr Noonan yesterday met central bank governor Patrick Honohan following a week of demands in the Dáil for banks to cut variable mortgage rates.They both insist they will not intervene in commercial banking matters and that competition is the best way to help customers.However, more than 300,000 families are on high variable rates of up to 4.5%. The difference between here and other member states sees families having to pay an extra €3,300 per year.While the Government is set to launch relief measures on bankruptcy and insolvency later this month, the Coalition is under pressure to rein in the banks.Speaking after his meeting with Mr Honohan, Mr Noonan said lenders could be embarrassed into passing on European Central Bank cuts onto their own rates.“If the [central] bank could do some research work to show what a reasonable margin would be above the cost of money on the markets or whether what the banks are charging now is excessive or not, that would be helpful in the debate because the banks will respond to reasonable argument I believe,” he said.Department of Finance sources say the key question is whether current rates are justifiable now that banks are in profit and charges are so far removed from the cost of sourcing funds.“I don’t think the banks can sustain a position where their rates are demonstrably higher than equivalent rates in Europe,” said Mr Noonan.“I’ve no reluctance to talk to CEOs of the banks at any stage and I’ve done so regularly and I can say ‘here are the facts, what’s your response?’”The central bank research is expected to look at the disparity between Ireland and other eurozone members, as well as Britain. It is also expected to be published.Mr Honohan has previously said tight controls over mortgage interest rates would be counterproductive in ensuring an easy flow of credit. However, he has publicly said that if local banks charge unnecessarily high interest rates, that will be an inducement for new entry into lending here.The move to help borrowers comes as exchequer figures yesterday show that over €500m more than expected was collected in tax payments in the first quarter this year. Department of Finance data shows that the public finances were in surplus by €197m at the end of March.The figures also reflect a rebound in income tax payments and a spike in corporation tax revenue, while the Government is set to spend less than anticipated in the budget as rising employment lowers welfare payments.DISCOVER MORE CONTENT LIKE THIS
Fianna Fáil TD Eamon Ó Cuív has said it “breaks his heart” that his party is not making more progress.He made the comment following private talks with party leader Micheál Martin.The Galway TD was called to Mr Martin’s office in Dublin for the conversation after he publicly said that Fianna Fáil was facing “demise”.Meanwhile, it emerged yesterday that former tánaiste Mary Coughlan has shied away from trying to regain a seat in her native Donegal.She told a local newspaper that now is not the time to re-enter public life.Mr Ó Cuív denied that her inclusion in the constituency, now a five-seater race, would have damaged the Fianna Fáil brand.“At the end of the day people come and go... what we need to be doing is to be constantly on the lookout for new people. The biggest problem we have in Donegal is that some parts of the county are now in with Sligo.”Speaking to Raidió na Gaeltachta, Mr Ó Cuív reiterated his claim that party morale was low.He said: “I spoke to the ceannaire [Mr Martin] last night for an hour-and-a-half about this matter and I was explaining my concerns about party matters, and he was presenting his own viewpoint on it. We have differing opinions on what is the best way for the party going forward, and that’s natural in any party.”The meeting between the two comes after a tough week for Fianna Fáil. Aside from attention being focused on outspoken and critical TDs, the party lost one senator and one councillor. It is also plateauing in opinion polls at just 18% and faces pressure to win next month’s Carlow-Kilkenny by-election.Asked if he wanted to be party leader, Mr Ó Cuív said: “It’s not about that, as I have said already. What breaks my heart is that we are not making more progress because I believe that the Fianna Fáil party is important for the political future of this country.”Members of the parliamentary party said yesterday that Mr Ó Cuív was more disappointed in Fianna Fáil’s progress as opposed to having any personal agenda.“He is a heavy hitter for us on rural development and the Irish language, and always up and down the country,” one member said.Mr Martin told his parliamentary party meeting this week that he was sick and tired of members “sniping” from the sidelines. While not naming individuals, he went as far as to say that people were “juvenile”.Party figures this week also expressed frustration that the internal bickering was distracting from the opposition party’s attempts to highlight issues such as mortgage debt and crime in the lead up to Fianna Fáil’s ard fheis at the end of this month.The party yesterday published a bill to immediately establish a dedicated public order unit in Dublin to crack down on disorder and anti-social behaviour in the city.READ MORE: Michael Noonan to shame banks into cuts on mortgage ratesDISCOVER MORE CONTENT LIKE THIS
Canterbury skipper James Graham's on-field approach to referees is set to come under fire in the coming days, but he said his reaction was just a build up of frustration.The Englishman mouthed off at the match officials on a number of occasions in Friday night's one-point loss to South Sydney, but the exchange between he and Gerard Sutton is the biggest concern.The reaction from the crowd is a separate issue, but Graham's reaction appeared to incite his young players, who also launched a verbal tirade at the officials."It's not ideal, I don't want it to get like football [soccer] players where you are bombarding referees after a decision," Graham said."But when it's so close to the end ... I thought the decision that went against us was wrong, but it is what it is. I suppose when you have invested that much energy trying to get the two points and with a minute and 20 seconds remaining it is taken away from you, sometimes the emotion gets the better of you."Bulldogs coach Des Hasler was tight-lipped about the performance of the referees after he was stung with a $10,000 suspended fine by the NRL after round one.However, he was upset that a push on Josh Morris - who was placed on report earlier after kicking Issac Luke in the head - was missed as the Bulldogs desperately tried to rally with a short kick-off in the final seconds."There was some level of interference that occurred ... there are things in a game that happen, that sway back and forth," Hasler said."They got theirs on the charge down and we were denied ours ... it was just unfortunate for what was a hard, tough and engaging game of football."South Sydney coach Michael Maguire was delighted with the victory considering he lost Luke and Glenn Stewart to concussion."The team had to find a lot of character today," Maguire said."It was a real gritty game. We were down and out at times. We obviously had two off with concussion at one stage. I am proud of my players. We weren't playing the way we would have liked. The boys kept staying at it and stuck by each other."The concussion is a very interesting topic now. With the new rulings, because he was concussed, he had to stay off. To lose a player, the game has to either look at whether they have someone on the sideline who can replace that player. That's why I talk about the character of our team."
Fans countrywide will also have a treat of entertainment between Good Friday and Easter Monday, as the PSL management spread the matches for the whole of that period.How Mine and rejuvenated Caps United open up the exciting long weekend on Thursday, with a potentially explosive encounter in Bulawayo, while millions of fans the world over will have an opportunity to witness the tie on SuperSport.Smarting from a narrow 0-1 defeat at the hands of former champions Highlanders over the weekend, Tsholotsho FC will have a chance to redeem themselves when they face Chicken Inn on Good Friday.Another debutant side Wha-Wha FC, will again be on the same mission that day at their favourite hunting ground - Ascot stadium, hoping to burst Harare City’s bubble, following the municipal side’s 2-0 victory against the Gamecocks last week.Among the quartet of the debutants, only Dongo Sawmills are likely to meet their baptism of fire, having been paired with champions Dynamos.Bosso and Hwange have a date on the same day. Meanwhile, DeMbare’s midfield maestro, Ronald ‘Rooney’ Chitiyo, recently declared the side would go beyond winning the PSL championship but will do everything possible to grab all cups available.After he scored the solitary goal that sank Chapungu at Ascot Stadium last week, the diminutive player - who will be crossing the Limpopo River for the South African National First Division in July, reiterated that time had come for the Glamour Boys “to show the world that we are the real conquerors of Zimbabwean football.”“We have been winning the championship for four years now. So we cannot remain with only that achievement. We need to do the same to all the cups that will be available this year. That way, we will undoubtedly be the real champions in this country,” he said.To date only the Net-One One Wallet Cup and Chibuku Super Cup have been confirmed for the season, with uncertainty still hanging over the once prestigious Mbada Diamonds Cup. The ZIFA cup is expected to be re-introduced this year. Have your say:
France's economy, the second-largest in the eurozone, will perk up slightly in the first half of the year but unemployment is expected to stay at record highs, according to forecasts.In estimates released late Thursday, the INSEE national statistics office said the economy would grow by 0.4 percent in the first quarter of the year and by 0.3 percent in the second.The forecasts suggest there is a good chance the French economy will grow faster over the whole year than the 1.0 percent Paris currently estimates."The one-percent for 2015, seen by many as unrealistic a few months ago, now looks like the minimum," said Finance Minister Michel Sapin.However, the more positive growth outlook will be insufficient to drive down stubbornly high unemployment in France, INSEE predicted.The jobless rate was forecast to hit a 20-year record high of 10.2 percent in mainland France.Economists and the government estimate that a growth rate of around 1.5 percent annually is required to push unemployment down.President Francois Hollande has pledged not to seek re-election in 2017 if he does not succeed in reversing the trend of increasingly high unemployment."Our economy is starting up again," Hollande said in a speech about the economy on Friday."The figures published this morning confirm that. But it is starting up too slowly. We are talking about a growth rate of more than one percent in 2015," said the president."But we should have bigger ambitions and we need more than one percent growth to create jobs," he said.
The All Progressives Congress says it strongly condemns Thursday’s terrorist attack that left 147 people dead at the Garissa University College in Kenya, calling it dastardly and unjustifiable.In a statement in Lagos on Friday by its National Publicity Secretary, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, the party described the Somali terror group, Al-Shabaab, which claimed responsibility for the killings, as a bunch of cowardly extremists, who have no place in a decent society.APC said, ”Nothing can justify such a deadly and senseless attack on innocent and defenceless citizens, and those who planned and executed the heinous killings in Kenya stand condemned globally.”Terrorism has become a global scourge, and any terrorist attack anywhere is a terrorist attack everywhere. Therefore, terrorists will not find any hiding place,” it said.It expressed its “deepest condolences” to the government and people of Kenya, and prayed that the families of the victims would find succour while wishing those injured in the attacks a speedy recovery.
Development banks have non-market influences, but the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is still big news. According to a report in the April issue of Forbes Asia, it’s a trump to US and Japanese efforts to keep the Asian Development Bank as the primary such funder in the region.But as American allies are joining China’s bank, analysts say it could become a major setback and possible demise of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which is a trade zone of more than a dozen countries.According to Forbes Asia, TPP was earlier seen as an anti-China ploy, as its terms were thought designed to keep the world’s second-biggest economy out of the new trade regime. The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank was in some sense a reaction.
© 2015 Copyright France 24 – All rights reserved France 24 is not responsible for the content of external websites
Manchester United are adamant they will not enter the bidding war for Paul Pogba - despite doubts over Kevin Strootman’s fitness.Holland international Strootman is Louis van Gaal’s first choice option as he looks to sign a world class midfielder this summer, reports the Manchester Evening News.The 25-year-old suffered a setback in his recovery from knee ligament damage in January - and will have to prove his fitness before United commit to a bid in excess of £40m.Should he fail to do that then Van Gaal will have to consider alternative options, with Pogba continually linked with a return to Old Trafford.But United sources insist they have no plans to move for the Frenchman, who left the club in 2012.Wanted: Louis van Gaal knows Strootman from their time with the Dutch national teamThe 22-year-old is set to spark an intense battle for his signature, with Real Madrid, Barcelona, Manchester City, Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain all monitoring his situation at Juventus.His agent Mino Raiola claims United are also interested - but the feeling among the club’s hierarchy is that they want to look forward, not back.Van Gaal has made no secret of his intention to sign a top quality midfield general.Unwanted: United are not interested in signing PogbaHe will be handed another transfer budget in the region of £150m this summer, with a large portion of that being reserved for his midfield targets.The Dutchman was prepared to wait a season for Strootman to regain his full fitness at Roma - but a fresh knee operation at the start of the year means he will be sidelined for the rest of the campaign.He is on schedule to return for pre-season, with United having to decide if they can take a risk on a player who has started only four games in the last 12 months.Alternative: Sami Khedira is an another option for UnitedSami Khedira, who is out of contract at Real Madrid, and former City midfielder Nigel de Jong are other potential targets if United shelve their plans for Strootman.But Pogba does not figure in their thinking at the moment.While he is admired at United after developing at the club, they would have to swallow their pride to pay a fee of £55m-plus for a player they received only nominal compensation for three years ago.
A fourth Melbourne church in a week has been set alight in suspicious circumstances.Police are investigating a fire at a church on Doncaster Rd in Doncaster East after witnesses saw smoke coming from it at 2.30pm on Good Friday.The blaze was contained to a small area of the building.Detectives have not determined the exact cause of the fire, but are treating it as suspicious.Three other churches had fires this week, with all three connected to notorious pedophiles.St James Church in Brighton was destroyed, while St Mary's in St Kilda East and St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong had minor damage.
They undertook the 106 mile walk along the length of the Tweed in August, debating the Scottish independence referendum as they went, and raising funds for Radio Borders Cash for Kids (£6,578.10) and the Tweed Valley Mountain Rescue Team (£1,644.52).Michael Moore said: “I want to thank everyone who helped us organise the walk and particularly the great many people who donated so generously to our cause.”Councillor David Parker added: “It was a unique experience and great fun, and both of us have tremendous memories from our fantastic journey. Can I echo Michael’s words and thank everyone who donated so generously and helped us get to our final destination in one piece.”
Chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central London, according to undercover police teams.Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End before stealing their cash and belongings, according to the plain-clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area.In one example Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich Arab tourists in the Park Lane and Mayfair areas.A bag they were carrying contained €130,000 and £20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery.London's busy shopping areas prove a big draw for gangs of pickpockets from around the world including Romania, Algeria and Bulgaria, Vice reports.But DC Darren Bond, whose team monitors the Oxford Street, Bond Street and Regent Street areas, explained to the the website that Chilean pickpockets 'don't mess about'.He is quoted as saying: 'They are intelligence-led – they don't go after anyone but wealthy tourists – and operate in mixed teams of three to six, often middle-aged.'They will look like a nice family or group of businessmen to fit in. It allows them to walk through hotels unchallenged, sit down and have breakfast, then walk out with bags, laptops, etc. They are so hard to trace.'He said many arrive in Britain on a six-month VISA before heading off on a 'European tour' and police are constantly monitoring CCTV to keep tabs on gangs and their recruits.Organised international gangs of thieves will often spend a short time operating in London before flying to the likes of Madrid, Barcelona and Milan for the same purpose - all as part of moves to avoid detection.DC Bond, whose squad has seen a 50 per cent reduction in thefts over the last year, told Vice that 'anecdotally' about 70 per cent of arrested pickpockets were Romanians or Bulgarians, ten per cent Algerians and five per cent Chileans with the rest UK-based.'Big city theft is now organised, international crime with bosses and a hierarchy,' he added.
Manchester Giants captain Callum Jones has challenged his team-mates to up their individual games to secure a BBL play-off place.The Giants host Leeds Force at the Trafford Sportsdome on Sunday (6pm) looking to end a demoralising four-game losing streak that was capped by a hammering from leaders Newcastle Eagles last weekend.But a play-off spot is still within their grasp with Jeff Jones' men in ninth place with two games in hand over eighth-placed Bristol.And Jones Jnr believes that the team can still play their best basketball of the season if new faces Devin Grimes and Rob Marsden can be fully integrated and the players can each personally take their levels up a notch.“The new guys have come in at a bit of a difficult time so I think we are yet to see all they can offer, but the chemistry is constantly building in practice,” he told the BBL website.“That, along with the fact that others on the team can take their personal performance up a level, means we can still play our best basketball of the season these last few games.See our gallery of action from the Giants clash with Newcastle Eagles via Jack Hinds“That improved personal performance for people can come from any aspect of the game, and if we focus on enhancing an area of our game in a selfless way then everybody's role becomes more instrumental to the team winning basketball games, which is all that matters.”Despite being below the Giants and realistically out of the play-off running, Leeds have triumphed over them in two of their three meetings so far this season.Their threat is something Jones is keenly aware of and he added: “Leeds are very well coached, scout teams thoroughly and have talented individuals.“We have to match their effort, attention to detail and togetherness. In terms of creating a style of game that favours us, we want to push the ball in transition to increase the tempo.“In the half court we need to make the correct adjustments to our plays they will be ready for, while also utilising the variety in our offence.”
A mum is outraged after she claims her son was turned away from a Qantas flight due to his autism.Gizelle Laurente had booked her son, Jacob Prien, on a flight from Darwin to Brisbane yesterday, so he could spend Easter with his father and younger brother.However, Ms Laurente feared Jacob's dreams had been shattered, when she was told her son would not be able to fly with the airline's unaccompanied minors service.Gizelle Laurente, couldn't afford to fly with him, said the captain of the flight came to meet Jacob at the boarding gate, according to the NT News.Ms Laurente said she then told the captain her son had been given a higher dose of his usual medication, which a doctor told her would help ensure he was calm throughout the flight.She also had a letter from her son's paediatrician, but Jacob was not allowed to board the flight.When asked by a friend what sparked the outburst, she replied: 'Discriminated Jake. Wouldnt let him onboard because hes Autistic/Adhd. He had already taken his Ritalin which he is not required to take out of school hours or on weekends or on holidays. Its more for concentration. But administered it to make them Qantas happy but still not good enough. Cruel. So cruel.''The pilot told me unless you buy a ticket and travel with your son he won't be flying,' she said.'I explained that I couldn't afford a ticket and he said 'well I'm sorry your son can't board'.'I was heartbroken for him, I just started crying.'Ms Laurente later attacked the airline on her Facebook page, where she said it 'can suck a big fat one'.However, Qantas said it had not in any way discriminated against Ms Laurente and her son, and said Jacob was not allowed on the flight because he had not been cleared by their medical team.'The health and safety of our passengers is our foremost concern at all times,' a spokeswoman said in a statement.'In this case, the crew sought professional medical advice and took the decision not to allow travel until further information about the condition could be gathered to make sure there was no risk to the passenger.'The crew had the passenger's best interests in mind and there was absolutely no intention to cause distress or discriminate in any way.'Standard procedure for such flights is that medical documents, such as those presented by Ms Laurente, would be given to Qantas a few days in advance of the trip or when tickets are bought.Jacob was given the all-clear to travel today, and made it to Brisbane in time to spend the Easter Weekend with his dad.
BELPER Town manager Jimmy Albans has apologised after he was unable to keep the club in the Evo-Stik League Premier Division.The Nailers were relegated after only one season at this level following last weekend's 2-1 defeat at Nantwich Town."I'm absolutely gutted, of course," said Albans, who finally recorded his first win as Belper boss on Tuesday, beating Halesowen Town 2-1."I'd like to apologise to the football club and to the supporters who have supported the club through this poor season."When I took the job, I genuinely thought I could keep the club up but I haven't and for that I am sorry and I take full responsibility."Belper host Grantham Town tomorrow before a trip to promotion-chasing local rivals Ilkeston on Monday.
Garissa - The death toll in an assault by al-Shabaab militants on Garissa University is likely to climb above 147, a government source and media said on Friday, with local residents furious over the government's failure to prevent the bloodshed.Strapped with explosives, masked al Shabaab gunmen stormed the Garissa University College campus, some 200 km (120 miles) from the Somali border, in a pre-dawn rampage on Thursday.Tossing grenades and spraying bullets at cowering students, the attackers initially killed indiscriminately. But they later freed some Muslims and instead targeted Christian students during a siege that lasted about 15 hours.Anger over the massacre was compounded by the fact there were warnings last week that an attack on a university was imminent. Local residents accused the authorities of doing little to boost security in this little developed region."It's because of laxity by the government that these things are happening. For something like this to happen when there are those rumours is unacceptable," said Mohamed Salat, 47, a Somali Kenyan businessman.Officials said almost 150 people died, with at least 79 wounded, many critically. But with an uncertain number of students and staff still missing, the casualties may yet mount."Yes, there is a likelihood of numbers going up," said one government source dealing with the Garissa attack.Daily Nation newspaper, citing sources, said the death toll would be significantly higher.Outside the university gates, a throng of veiled women clang to the hope that missing people would still turn up alive."We are here waiting for news if we can find him, dead or alive," said Barey Bare, 36, referring to her cousin who worked as a clerk at the university and has been missing since Thursday.The violence will heap further pressure on President Uhuru Kenyatta, who has struggled to stop frequent militant gun and grenade attacks that have dented Kenya's image abroad and brought the country's vital tourism industry to its knees.More than 400 people have been killed by the al Qaeda-allied al Shabaab in the east African nation since Kenyatta took office in April 2013, including some 67 people who died in a blitz on a shopping mall in the capital Nairobi in September of that year.Al Qaeda itself killed some 207 people when it blew up the U.S. embassy in Nairobi in 1998.Al Shabaab says its recent wave of attacks are retribution for Kenya sending troops into Somalia to fight the group.Within hours of the attack, Kenya put up a 20 million shillings ($215,000) reward for the arrest of Mohamed Mohamud, a former Garissa teacher labelled "Most Wanted" in a government poster and linked by Kenyan media to two separate al Shabaab attacks in the neighbouring Mandera region last year.The government also slapped a dusk to dawn (6.30am-6.30pm) curfew on Garissa, Mandera and two other crime-ridden regions near the porous 700-km border with Somalia.However, diplomats and analysts say the move effectively concedes the government is not in control of these areas, which are widely seen to be Kenya's soft underbelly.As such, al Shabaab is likely to continue its strategy of attacking "low risk and high reward" soft targets in marginalized parts of the country, according to Ahmed Salim, a senior associate at Teneo Intelligence.Analysts and diplomats say Kenya's security services remain disjointed and questions have been raised by Kenyan media about how four gunmen were able to hold off hundreds of security personnel, including soldiers and elite police units.One Western diplomat said Kenya, a staunch Western ally in the fight against radical Islam, continues to receive help from Western intelligence agencies but struggles to act on it."The fundamental challenge for them is being able to deal with that kind of information, and their capacity and capability of digesting it," said the diplomat.
A campaigner who raised awareness of progeria, a condition that causes those affected to age eight times faster, has died at the age of 17.The death of Hayley Okines, from Bexhill, East Sussex, was announced by her mother, Kerry, on her Facebook page.She wrote on Thursday night: “My baby has gone somewhere better. She took her last breath in my arms at 9.39pm.”The Progeria Research Foundation posted on its Facebook page: “The entire progeria family mourns together with many as we say goodbye to Hayley Okines, our smart, beautiful and spirited English rose, who passed away today at age 17.“Gone from our sight, but never our memories, gone from our touch but never our hearts. We will miss you.”Hayley and her family raised funds for her medical treatment and sought to improve public understanding of the condition. Hayley published an autobiography, Old Before My Time, at the age of 14.Hundreds of comments have been left on Hayley’s Facebook paying tribute. Ann Morrison wrote: “Praying for the family and friends of Hayley. God bless you Hayley. Your positive outlook and willingness to share your life’s journey with us has been very much appreciated.”
The defection of top agents from Creative Artists Agency to the smaller United Talent Agency this week has underscored the growing importance of comedy — and versatile comedic actors — to the entertainment business.CAA filed a lawsuit against UTA Thursday after at least 10 of talent agents — including Jason Heyman and Martin Lesak, who had run Century City-based CAA's comedy division for nearly a decade – left with key clients. They brought to UTA some of Hollywood's biggest comedy stars, including Will Ferrell, Chris Pratt and Ed Helms, who eventually should help the agency increase its revenue because of their lucrative contracts.CAA, which called the move a "lawless midnight raid" by UTA, was fighting to hold on to "It" funnywoman Melissa McCarthy, whose agent was among the defections to UTA."Comedy is an extremely valuable genre," said Jason Squire, a professor at the USC School of Cinematic Arts and former executive at 20th Century Fox and United Artists. "There's a huge amount of money at stake here — box office earnings, ancillary values of syndication rights, tour monies — there's a lot to bank on. It's a big coup."Only a few years ago, some people in Hollywood were writing off UTA as too small to compete in a rapidly consolidating agency world. Now UTA, which is privately owned by its partner-agents, is poised to be a juggernaut.With nearly 200 agents working in Beverly Hills and New York, UTA already boasts a strong roster of comedy talent, including Seth Rogen, Kevin Hart, Kristen Wiig, and prominent producers Judd Apatow and Steve Levitan.The recent additions should help UTA, which was formed in 1991, reclaim the comedy crown it held during its heyday in the early 2000s.Then, it boasted such as stars Ferrell, Dave Chappelle, Drew Carey, Ben Stiller, Jim Carrey and Jason Alexander as well as a stable of writers behind some of TV's biggest sitcoms.UTA took a hit in that sector in 2005 when its then-agents Heyman and Lesak defected to CAA (along with Ferrell).This time, some of the agents were motivated to move, in part, because they chafed under the hierarchy of the established CAA, which was formed in 1975, and believed their clients sometimes had to take a back seat to those who were represented by senior partners, according to one person familiar with the situation who was not authorized to discuss it.The current economics of Hollywood also are behind the increased appetite for comedic talent and the rise of UTA.Comedies are among the most lucrative hits on TV and can generate hundreds of millions of dollars in profit in syndication.Separately, the film business has been under increased financial pressure and studios are taking fewer risks at the box office. That has led to more expensive tent-pole films, many of which are spun from well-known intellectual properties, such as comic book superheroes.Mid-budget comedies have maintained their appeal because they continue to be reliable moneymakers for studios.During the last week, for example, Warner Bros.' movie "Get Hard" starring Hart and Ferrell raked in nearly $40 million in ticket sales. Fox's "Night at the Museum" starring Ben Stiller made more than $350 million internationally.Sony Pictures has high hopes for this month's "Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2," a sequel to the 2009 mall security guard caper starring Kevin James that earned more than $180 million at the box office."The comedy actors have become powerful," said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst at Rentrak.Comedy stars are the bait used to attract large audiences. Behind the dollar signs is a devoted audience who, in some cases, have followed the comedians from their early beginnings on the stand-up circuit, on TV, or — as is increasingly becoming the case in today's landscape — online through YouTube videos or other social media platforms.Humor plays better than drama on the Internet, where comedians such as Aziz Ansari and Louis C.K. have expanded their followings.Comedy plays better among younger audiences — the crowds that movie studio chiefs depend on to make their numbers."Comedy really is personality-based, charisma-based," Dergarabedian said. "You really have to win over the audience. And when you do, they follow you anywhere because they feel these stars are accessible and relatable."Case in point is Pratt, who is one of the fastest-rising stars in Hollywood. The 35-year-old actor who joined UTA this week was the star of two of last year's biggest films, Marvel's "Guardians of the Galaxy," which grossed $774 million worldwide at the box office, and Warner Bros.' "The Lego Movie," which took in more than $450 million.Hollywood insiders now are waiting to learn whether McCarthy will join the exodus from CAA. Since she stole the show in "Bridesmaids," four years ago, McCarthy has appeared in a series of hit movies, including "The Heat" with Sandra Bullock and "Identify Thief" with Jason Bateman.She is preparing for a movie next year called "Michelle Darnell," which is based on a skit that she performed at the Groundlings a decade ago.There are other reasons that comedies are working well. Since the recession, comedy clubs have been packed because consumers have been looking for a break from world politics and the pressures of everyday life, said Jamie Masada, the owner of the Laugh Factory."People want to laugh," Masada said. "I get frequent calls from the networks and studios, asking: Jamie do you have any new people? The industry has discovered that comedy is the most inexpensive way to make money."
California has taken the most drastic measure yet to combat the worst drought in the state's history.Jerry Brown, the governor, has ordered unprecedented mandatory water restrictions, telling the State Water Resources Control Board it must immediately cut consumption by 25 per cent.The 38 million people of California have been told to stop washing cars and watering gardens and lawns and advised to shorten showers.The famous golf courses of Palm Springs, the grand water features in Las Vegas and the lush front yards of Los Angeles homes are all likely to be affected under the new rules."We're in a historic drought and that demands unprecedented action," Mr Brown told a press conference in the Sierra Nevada, central California, where dry, brown grass surrounded a site that would normally be covered with snow at this time of year.The water content of the Sierra Nevada snowpack was measured at just five per cent of the state's historical average for April 1.Mr Brown's call last year for Californians to reduce voluntarily their water use by 20 per cent had some effect but ultimately fell short of the hoped-for reductions.The new executive order also requires university campuses and cemeteries to cut all non-essential water use.The same reduction targets do not apply to farmers, who use up to 80 per cent of the state's water and are in desperate need of rain.Cities that have already managed to bring their water consumption down since last year - such as San Francisco and Santa Cruz - are likely to be given slightly lower targets than places where consumption remains high, such as Los Angeles.The cut in usage amounts to more than 400 billion gallons over the next nine months.Doing his own bit to bring down water consumption, Mr Brown - who has faced criticism for doing too little to tackled the crisis - joked that he was having shorter showers and "not flushing every time" he used the lavatory. "As Californians, we must pull together and save water in every way possible," he said.The state water board can fine water agencies that are not complying with their reduction targets $10,000 (??6,600) a day.A statewide consumer rebate programme will also be set up to encourage individuals to replace old appliances with modern, water and energy efficient models.New homes and developments will also be banned from using drinking water for sprinkler systems unless water-efficient drip irrigation systems are used.Kevin McCarthy, a California Republican senator, said he would renew efforts in Congress to pass legislation requiring the building of two huge water facilities in the state."The current drought in California is devastating," Mr McCarthy said. "The order from the governor should not only alarm Californians, but the entire nation should take notice that the most productive agriculture state in the country has entered uncharted territory."Mr Brown had already declared a state of emergency over the crippling four-year drought, the most severe on record.Almost 98 per cent of California is suffering from abnormally dry conditions.The drought has left swathes of the state's landscape unrecognisable, with normally brimming lakes and rivers now dry and losses to the agricultural industry estimated at several billion dollars.Scientists at Stanford University recently released a major report finding that climate change was likely to make drought a permanent fixture in California.
Organisers of the fundraising gig Stand Up for Labour have been upstaged by a performer who’s been treading the boards here since 1976.Geoffrey Robinson stole the laughs with his own one-man revue, while his Red Button constituency party was announcing a stand-up comedy night in Coventry to boost its election campaign.The veteran MP’s show – A funny thing happened to me on the way to the House of Lords – opened last Thursday.First there was high drama as it leaked out that he would be standing down as the Party's shoo-in for Coventry North-West, a seat he’s held for 39 years.Cue a chorus of boos, he would be replaced as candidate by a bloke no-one had heard of but who was a strategy genius for, er, Ed Miliband.Then, after a short interlude, came the farce: Robinson, spinning a perfect 180, announced he was staying and exited stage left as his trousers dropped to the floor.A hugely enjoyable performance particularly for the Tories and Lib-Dems, but mainly impro, Red Button can reveal.If it had followed the script, 76-year-old Robinson would have fallen on his sword at his national party’s behest to make way for Greg Beales.But his Coventry NW constituency party leaders were outraged at London “parachuting” in their own man behind their backs.Robinson’s pleas that Beales was a good candidate and offering to bring him up to Cov for a belated get-to-know-you-session cut no ice.“Basically, the local party flexed its muscles over selection and by acting quickly stopped the plot in its tracks,” an insider said.“They met on the Saturday, and agreed that the would advertise a vacancy for a Labour candidate to fight the Coventry North-west seat with the aim of shortlisting within a week.”Faced with such a damaging rebellion, Robinson and national party u-turned.What could have persuaded the old stager to consider stepping down after years of denying he would throw in the towel, once saying “two dukedoms wouldn’t do it.”?What about a seat in the House of Lords, under a Miliband government, and with it a ministerial position or a special advisory role?The political veteran’s networking skills are legendary even if diplomacy is a bit shaky..He is on first names with leaders of world banks, just as he was with his old pals Tony and Gordon, who once used to enjoy nipping round to his Grosvenor Hotel suite for TV soccer and a beer.Sadly, he is unlikely to attend the Stand Up for Labour gig on May 1 as it conflicts with his regular Friday night booking at an Italian restaurant in Earlsdon.
1. Where they will finishThe pundits like Hawthorn and Port Adelaide, but we tip the Swans to match their first-place finish last season — which they achieved without some stars peaking — and not make the same mistakes again in the grand final.The riches up front and across the midfield are not matched in the ruck or in defence. Should Mike Pyke get injured, Kurt Tippett or Sam Reid would have to take over in the ruck, or Tom Derickx or Sam Naismith would have to come in. Defenders Ted Richards, Rhyce Shaw, as well as Pyke, Jarrad McVeigh and Adam Goodes are all in their 30s and will have to work extra hard to stay fit.Jack Hiscox, Jake Lloyd and Dan Robinson are among exciting youngsters who will see action this season, but Heeney, 18, is rated the most exciting new midfielder in the league. The tough, mature and competitive Swans Academy product from Newcastle has demanded a place in the round one side after a huge pre-season.5. Did you know?The Swans' round-20 match against Collingwood will be the first time since round four, 2000, that the teams have met at the Sydney Cricket Ground.Next season will be the last that the Swans play matches at ANZ Stadium. From 2017 all home games will be at the SCG. The team play three matches at ANZ this year.The Swans recently reached a record membership of more than 42,000. Late in 2014 the club announced a profit of $846,871, its fourth consecutive financial year in the black. The QBE sponsorship continues.
Delays for those heading to the airportEaster holiday rail travellers are facing delays between Manchester Piccadilly and Manchester Airport.Services were running up to 30 minutes late between the two stations after a signalling problem struck on Good Friday morning. Replacement buses have been arranged while engineers work at the scene. The delays are expected until midday.A National Rail spokesman said: “A signalling problem near Mauldeth Road is causing delays of up to 30 minutes to trains between Manchester Piccadilly and Manchester Airport. This is expected to continue until noon.“Northern Rail services between Manchester Piccadilly and Crewe via Manchester Airport may be diverted via Stockport. Buses have been organised to run between Manchester Piccadilly and Manchester Airport, and they will be available from 10.15am”
Terror On Campus: Ksh.20 million reward for mastermind of the Garissa Attack, Mohamed MohamudTerror On Campus reactions from Raila Odinga and diplomats on the Garissa AttackInterview with Bala Mbala MP & Kenya Red Cross Deputy Sec. Gen. on the Garissa attackGovernment to freeze assets in fight against graft#TerrorOnCampus: Garissa attack, witness account on how the terror attack happened
Former Galway manager John McIntyre has predicted that his successor Anthony Cunningham is unlikely to remain in charge of the Tribesmen for much longer.Cunningham, now in his fourth season, took over when McIntyre’s three-year term finished without ending the Galway All-Ireland famine, and the timid manner in which they went down to Waterford in the league quarter-finals last weekend has led to a lot of soul-searching in the county this week.McIntyre, writing in the Connacht Tribune, where he is sports editor, said that Galway have gone downhill since drawing the 2012 All-Ireland final against Kilkenny and he doesn’t see Cunningham surviving in the position much longer.“Since the All-Ireland final replay of 2012, the squad have lost their way completely and the lack of leadership in their ranks when things start going wrong remains disturbing. They were made to look second best by a young Waterford outfit who at least knew what the game plan was and how to implement it,” wrote McIntyre.“Anthony Cunningham fought vigorously to obtain a fourth year in charge and I would have supported that scenario as he had come closer than any previous manager since 1988 to bring the Liam McCarthy Cup back west.“Unfortunately, the wheels have really come off the Galway wagon in the interim and now Cunningham only has a couple of months to save his job. On what we have seen so far in 2015, the St Thomas’ clubman will be collecting his walking papers sooner than later barring a major turnaround in fortunes,” said McIntyre.The former Tipperary defender said he couldn’t believe when Galway didn’t play with the wind when they won the toss against one of their bogey teams, and warned there were problems aplenty.“There is little semblance of a settled team; star player Joe Canning still has no fixed abode; the central defensive positions remain up for grabs.“If the league is regularly used by counties to put a shape on their championship selections, then Galway have failed that test miserably in 2015.”Meanwhile former Cork captain Tony Davis says inter-county football managers are under no obligation to entertain, despite what his former Sunday Game colleague Joe Brolly maintains.While Davis believes Brolly’s concerns about the game are merited, he argues it is wrong to point the finger of blame at managers. Earlier this week, the outspoken Derry pundit took aim at Mickey Harte and Brian McIver.“If you’re a manager of a football team, you have no moral obligation to entertain or to uphold the spirit of the game,” insists Davis.“They are looking at their results and their reputation. A lot of them are probably doing seven days’ work with no payment. Are you going out to entertain and to give it a lash or are you going out to win something?“The people doing it at the moment are playing within the rules.”
The Great Ethiopian Renaissance Dam Project Manager, Mr Simegnew Bekele, during an inspection tour of the 40km development at the border with Sudan on March 31, 2015. The dam is expected to begin power generation this year. PHOTO | AFPThe Ethiopian government says the Great Ethiopian Renaissance Dam (GERD), which is being built on the Nile River, will be commissioned this year.“At the early stage of the project phase, we are expecting to commence production of some 100 megawatts of electricity from the dam,” said Engineer Simegnew Bekele, Project Manager of GERD.“As a country we have experience in building hydroelectric dams,” he said adding that 8,500 local employees and 400 expatriates from 25 countries are working day and night in order to realise the country’s goal of meeting its growing energy demand and export to other countries.Currently, Ethiopia is generating around 2,270 megawatts of electricity from different hydroelectric dams with a couple of wind and solar energy generating plants.The dam that is going to be the biggest hydroelectric dam in Africa and tenth in the world, has been facing strong opposition from Egypt.Among the ten points agreed on, Ethiopia can use the dam for power generation and export to Egypt.So far about half of the 145 metres height and 1,760 metres main dam is completed, according to Engineer Simegnew, who briefed foreign media at the construction site located 40 kilometres from the Ethiopia-Sudan border.The construction began four years ago by the Italian company, Salini Impregilo. While Tractebel Engineering, a consulting joint venture from England, French and Italy, is undertaking the consulting, representing the government agency - Ethiopian Electric Power.As the government has decided not to use external financing for the construction of the dam, the people and the country has been in aggressive fund raising since the launching of the project. “We are spending our hard earned money on this dam,” Engineer Simegnew said.In addition to the main dam, a 5.2 kilometres length saddle dam is also under construction to maintain the water in the 74 billion cubic metre artificial lake, which also expected to serve for fishery.Parallel to the dam, 500 kilovolt power transmission line, which takes the electric power from the dam to the national grid via Dedessa and Holleta towns, is also under construction.
Last week we urged you to turn out in support of the lantern procession and hopefully many of you will turn out tonight (April 1) at the McKechnie Institute to ensure this event is put back on the Girvan calendar after it was postponed in 2014.And hot on its heels needing your support, is the Girvan Christmas Street Party. With only four people on the organising committee, it was a minor miracle the 2014 street party went ahead.Like the lantern procession, the street party is an annual event which sees the Girvan community come together and there is a great atmosphere around the town.It is a fantastic event for children in particular with plenty of fairground rides on offer as well as the chance to visit Santa’s Grotto.The event clearly needs more people to help out though so The Gazette would urge Girvan residents who have enjoyed this event and feel they can help in any way or have ideas to make it better to attend the meeting on Monday April 6 at the Glendoune Centre starting at 7pm.These events don’t just happen and will end if they are not supported by more people.Tycoon Donald Trump’s plans for Turnberry are certainly grand and The Gazette firmly believes when all the work is completed at the resort, it will bring huge benefits to the area.The billionaire has the cash but also the know how as to what makes a resort attractive to people all across the globe.Trump Turnberry under his guidance is set to become the place to be for weddings, functions and conferences with a magnificent new Caledonia Suite opening up for his presentation to golf club members on Saturday.Whilst the sight of a Roman Centurion at the clubhouse might take some getting used to, there’s no doubt Trump truly believes Turnberry can be the best resort in the world.
The types of cookies we, our ad network and technology partners use are listed below:A tool used by some of our advertisers to target adverts to you based on pages you have visited in the past. To opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here.Our sites contain advertising from Google; these use cookies to ensure you get adverts relevant to you. You can tailor the type of ads you receive by visiting here or to opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here.This is used to help us identify unique visitors to our websites. This data is anonymous and we cannot use this to uniquely identify individuals and their usage of the sites.This comes from our ad serving technology and is used to track how many times you have seen a particular ad on our sites, so that you don't just see one advert but an even spread. This information is not used by us for any other type of audience recording or monitoring.Our partner for Newspaper subscriptions online stores data from the forms you complete in these to increase the usability of the site and enhance user experience.Add This provides the social networking widget found in many of our pages. This widget gives you the tools to bookmark our websites, blog, share, tweet and email our content to a friend.We use Advertising agencies to provide us with some of the advertising on our websites. These include (but are not limited to) Specific Media, The Rubicon Project, AdJug, AdConion, Context Web. Please click on the provider name to visit their opt-out page.
The Twitter account of the anti-Islamic group Reclaim Australia has been hacked by a protester using the name Jeremy who posted messages about drugs, dates with a girl called Shazza and xenophobia while putting out an "official statement" saying the rallies that had been planned for Saturday morning had been cancelled.Jeremy also posted tweets saying "whats wrong with muslims anyway I dun get it",  "I like vegemite on toast, it's great in a toastie after a big night who gives a shit if it's halal what even the f... is that" and "In the car reading stuff wots xenophobia? help me out"He then appeared to post a note apologising on behalf of Reclaim Australia and saying "Jeremy's" access had been cut and followed that up with an official statement that the rallies had been cancelled.The hacking began as the rallies were taking place in capital cities around the country and attracted so much attention on social media the #ReclaimAustralia hashtag was the highest trending in the country on Saturday morning.Social media responses included comments like "hilarious" and users suggesting the Reclaim Australia movement should start with their own Twitter account.On their official Facebook page. Reclaim Australia representatives said: "It has been brought to our attention that people claiming to be representing Reclaim Australia Rallies have been making unauthorised statements on various media outlets. In some cases people, unknown to Reclaim Management, have made statements of which do not represent the consensus of Reclaim Australia Rallies at all."Fairfax Media's calls to Reclaim Australia's representatives were not returned.The Reclaim Australia rally which went ahead in pouring rain in Martin Place, Sydney, was interrupted by a protester who ran onto the stage and grabbed the microphone from one of the organisers, Sarah Spearpoint, shouting to the crowd they should be "ashamed" of themselves. The woman put her fingers up at the crowd before being taken away by police with another woman who had accompanied her onto the stage. No charges were laid.About 200 people turned up at the rally carrying placards that read Protect Penrith, Ban the Burqa, and T-shirts with the slogan "Support Our Troops Royal Australian Infidel" as simultaneous rallies were held around the country.They sang patriotic songs and the national athem in between speeches warning that extreme ideology of Islam is gaining a foothold in society.One Nation leader Pauline Hanson attended the Brisbane rally declaring she was not a racist and that "criticism is not rascism". Ms Hanson told the rally that she was merely a proud Australian fighting for the country's democracy, culture and way of life.Activists protesting against the Reclaim Australia rally held their own counter-rallies.In Brisbane police had to keep the two groups separate while in Sydney the protest meeting attracted a much smaller number and one organsier said while some people shared their sentiments they didn't feel comfortable attending a public event.
History does have tendency of repeating itself.In a former life, your correspondent was covering Everton back in 2003 when Wayne Rooney was going through an indifferent spell of form.By contrast, the youngster, having not long broken in to the England senior squad, was consistently producing excellent performances for his country.Fast forward to the present day, and Ross Barkley finds himself in a similar predicament.Observers were falling over themselves to prise the Blues midfielder’s impressive cameo from the bench in the second half to help England snatch a draw in their friendly in Turin against Italy on Tuesday.Roy Hodgson was delighted. Joe Hart said we should back players of such talent, even if they are going through difficult times as at present.And then Paul Scholes said this.“Barkley reminds me of a footballer I played alongside against Italy in La Tournoi in Nantes, 18 years ago,” says the former“That was Paul Gascoigne, a substitute that day and, at his peak, a brilliant creative player.“I think there is a bit of Rooney in Barkley, too.“Barkley has the energy and enthusiasm of (Fabian) Delph and (Jordan) Henderson, but he has that creativity too, and that kind of ability will be what wins England games against the better football nations.“It is that creative position, the No.10, that Barkley can make his own. But he has to force the issue.”Scholes may well be on the money with all of his comparisons.But there’s no doubt he is right in his final assessment of the midfielder needing to make that number 10 position his own.And not just with England.Driving forward from midfield, taking on players and feeding those around him, his display at the Juventus Stadium was precisely the type of performance Everton fans would have expected from the 21-year-old this season.Sadly, they have been few and far between this season. Primarily because Barkley’s opportunities in a central position have been curiously limited.It’s from here Barkley undoubted does most damage.Mind you, if you take the player at his own word then his preferred position would be up front, although that’s a different debate entirely.Yes, it also helped Barkley was surrounded by in-form players eager to impress, rather than be affected by the general malaise that has engulfed Everton’s campaign.As he demonstrated last year, it is a lot easier to produce your best in a winning team than, when still in his formative years, expected to take a struggling side by the scruff of the neck and drag them to victory.Barkley can do that best from a central position. But to do that, he needs to consistently impress Roberto Martinez from that position when given the opportunity.While hugely supportive of the belief Barkley is best suited to an attacking midfield role, Martinez has, at least during this season, not been fully convinced.Barkley will hope his Turin display gives him a chance during the last eight games of the season to change that.Rooney? He eventually played his way back into form and accepting his minor struggle as part of development that every youngster goes through.Barkley will take solace from that. More importantly, though, he should take heed of Scholes’ comments.Want to know how well George Green has been doing at Tranmere Rovers?Consider this tweet from journalist Nigel Adderley, who was at The Lamex Stadium for Rovers’ 2-2 draw with Stevenage on Friday afternoon.“George Green is playing a different game to every other player on the pitch at Stevenage-Tranmere,” he posted.It’s fair to say Green has made a significant impact since moving to Prenton Park on loan last week.On his debut, the 19-year-old winger smashed in a remarkable late equaliser to salvage a point at home to AFC Wimbledon.Then, on Good Friday, Green was at it again, having a hand in both goals if blotting his copybook somewhat with a late miss.Green’s emergence has, in truth, been a long time coming.Much was made of his signing from Bradford City as a 15-year-old back in 2011 but Everton were content to allow him to progress through the ranks.Green was a member of the side that own the U18 Premier League last year while making his mark for England at U16, U17 and U18 level.His loan spell at Tranmere is the next step, not least with Rovers fighting for their lives at the bottom of the Football League.Seamus Coleman and Ross Barkley benefited from a temporary move elsewhere.In just two games, Green is already showing the same promise.
Gloucester director of rugby David Humphreys praised his side's defence after they held off a strong second-half performance from Connacht to qualify for the semi-finals of the European Challenge Cup.Two pieces of enterprise from James Hook created Gloucester's tries scored by Charlie Sharples and Bill Meakes, with Greig Laidlaw adding two conversions.Connacht's points came from a penalty try award converted by Jack Carty.Humphreys said: "Ultimately our defence won us the game. After a five-day turnaround, we were very good in the first half but we tightened up in the second half and made a few errors."It was very nervy at the end and it was a massive relief to win but that's what knock-out rugby is all about. It's a reward for the amount of hard work we've put in this season."Humphreys singled out Hook and Matt Kvesic for their outstanding efforts on the night."When James plays well, we play well. We see them every week and both are quality international players and therefore we'd love to see them represent their country again."Despite the defeat, Connacht head coach Pat Lam was delighted with his team's performance."I'm proud of the guys as they are a very young group who are very resilient and keep coming back," he said."Gloucester is always a tough place to come and they've got a lot of big-game players. We didn't exit well and gave away soft tries in the first half but at half-time the boys were determined to get back into it so we were much more ruthless after the restart."Gloucester now face Exeter or Newcastle in the semi-final at Kingsholm in a fortnight with Humphreys looking forward to the challenge."We are delighted to get another big game for Kingsholm. We are moving in the right direction and our results at Kingsholm have been improving since the New Year. We don't mind who we play as we should always be concerned about our own game."
The World Health Organization's top official in Thailand on Saturday denied beating his Ethiopian domestic helper and treating her like a modern day slave.The 25-year-old unnamed maid filed a complaint with police last month accusing Dr Yonas Tegegn, the WHO's representative in Thailand, and his wife of abusing her and forcing her to work without pay for nearly two years.Police on Wednesday said they would investigate the allegations and question the couple, who are also Ethiopian nationals."These accusations made against me and my family are baseless. We deny any wrongdoing," he said in a statement emailed to AFP.Tegegn added that he hoped both the media and Thailand's legal system would "give us a fair chance to clear our name".The unnamed maid's lawyer Surapong Kongchantuk from the Lawyers Council of Thailand told AFP earlier in the week that she had worked for the family between July 2013 and March 2014.He alleged that she had not received a proper salary during that time, had to sleep in a room with the family's dog, was physically abused and was only fed rice.He said the maid escaped her employers when she was rescued by passers-by after a suicide attempt and is being helped by a local NGO to pursue a case against her employers.In the statement Tegegn said the maid began working with the family in June 2013 until March 8."After that date she was scheduled to return to her home country Ethiopia," the statement said.Tegegn added that "at all times we have treated her (the maid) as a member of our family, with all dignity, respect and consideration".A WHO official in Bangkok said the organisation was "aware of the allegations in the media about a private matter between Dr Yonas and his former employee"."WHO is taking this allegations very seriously, and we are reviewing them according to WHO internal procedures," the spokesman said.According to a biography on the WHO's website, Tegegn is a doctor with 30 years' experience who has worked for the organisation in Ethiopia, Rwanda, Switzerland, India and North Korea before his Thailand posting.
Ahead of Monday’s official opening of the entire, newly refurbished, Lagan Valley Leisureplex, a number of local children got to check out the Leisure Pool and by all accounts it got an emphatic thumbs-up.Dame Mary Peters, who attended the original Leisureplex opening in 2000, was on hand again for this week’s re-opening, joining Lisburn City Council Leisure Services Committee chairman, Alderman Paul Porter, in doing the honours.Said Mr Porter: “It is excellent to see the new-look LeisurePlex being enjoyed by our customers. Some local children had the opportunity to enjoy a session in the Leisure Pool before it opened to the general public and the new ‘Aqualan’ interactive water soft play area was thoroughly enjoyed.“It was a pleasure to open the facility alongside Dame Mary, who was present when the building was originally opened in 2000.“Lisburn City Council was very keen to address access issues to ensure a safe and enjoyable visit for all customers and to improve customer satisfaction in key areas.“These included the main reception area, the Leisure Pool, the changing rooms - to create additional family sized changing cubicles - and the Gym.”The opening marked the completion of a £3.4m capital investment in a facility which attracts more than a million visitors a year and the refurbishment is expected to allow the LeisurePlex to build on its success.While the Leisure Pool was out of action during the works the Leisureplex itself remained open throughout and the council commended the contractors and Leisure Centre staff for ensuring the 1,200 gym members and the 4,000 young people who took weekly swimming lessons could enjoy continued use of the facilities over the six-month contract period.Alderman Porter added: “I am very proud that one of my last engagements as Chairman of the Leisure Services Committee was to open this newly refurbished facility.“I firmly believe it will confirm the new Lisburn and Castlereagh City Council as the number one council in Northern Ireland for outstanding leisure provision.”
A Canberra man accused of striking the mother of his 11-week-old baby before putting her into a chokehold has been denied bail.Magistrate Robert Cook denied the man's application in the ACT Magistrates Court on Saturday morning, despite the alleged victim telling the court she was not scared of the man.When explaining his decision, Mr Cook said domestic violence was "a hidden circumstance where complainants often feel great difficulty giving evidence without feeling anxious or scared"."That is the great difficulty of dealing with these matters in court," he said.The accused was arrested on Friday and charged with one count of assault after police obtained surveillance footage of the incident.According a police informant, the footage showed the man grabbing his partner by her arms, striking her in the abdomen twice, putting her into a chocker hold and then moving her out of the frame.The incident was alleged to have happened at the Clifton Suite Apartments in Braddon on Friday.According to a statement of facts, the woman sustained swelling around her left eye and redness around her neck.The statement said the woman also told him the accused threatened to kill her and that she was scared of him.But the woman, who was called to give evidence by the accused's defence lawyer, said she was "very intoxicated at the time" and did not remember telling the officer about the threat or being scared.The woman denied covering up her wounds with make-up in court and said she had volunteered to give evidence and felt no pressure to do so.Prosecutor James Walker said police had serious concerns the accused would interfere with the witness and alleged victim.Mr Cook said evidence provided by the police informant and the prosecution demonstrated "a sense of real harm" and likelihood the woman may be exposed to further harm.The man will reappear in the ACT Magistrates Court on April 14.
Welcome to ABC Grandstand's live streaming of round 19 of the 2014 Super Rugby season.Tonight sees the Chiefs hosts the Blues at Waikato Stadium before the Brumbies take on the Cheetahs in Canberra.You can tune in to Grandstand's live commentary stream, and check out the latest updates in the scoreboards below.We will have the latest match reports, audio interviews, photos and statistics from the game available online shortly after full-time.
Marco Negri: "I hadn’t even considered the possibility of being HIV positive but the harsh reality was there in front of me in the medical report."NOVEMBER 13, 2000, was the last time I pulled on the blue jersey of Rangers. A reserve league match against Aberdeen. I scored in the first-half and then, midway through the second, suffered a crunching challenge on my shinbone.One goal and a serious injury – perhaps the perfect way to sum up my time at the club.It was a shocking challenge and my shinguard completely shattered under the torn sock. The pain was unbearable and blood began to gush out while the bone rose to the surface. I thought it was fractured but it turned out to be ‘only’ a rather deep wound.My teammates ran over to see if I was okay, but just as quickly turned away with their head in their hands.I was rushed to Ross Hall Hospital where I was subjected to a series of x-rays and also a hearty dose of antibiotics. After a night in hospital, I left with the aid of crutches and was then put through a series of sessions in the hyperbaric chamber, which continued for 20 days.Marco Negri is injured at Ibrox in December 1997Every morning I was forced to spend around 90 minutes in a pressurised structure allowing me to breathe pure oxygen at 100%. The sessions were used to saturate the body cells of oxygen and the result was an increase in control against infection, stimulation of the immune system and also a more rapid healing of the wound.I was informed of the need to treat the wound with extreme caution, because it was so wide and deep that, had it not been cleaned several times a day, serious complications could have arisen. I also had to visit hospital once a week for a check-up. After a month of treatment, swabs taken from the skin failed to highlight any infection and I was free to go.With the arrival of the New Year, I presented myself at Ibrox to once again train with the reserves.The first team had already left for Florida and I was taking part in regular workouts, with the ball at my feet, when I felt this incredible pain in my right knee and leg – the same leg that had been injured in the reserve match.The pain became intolerable. With the medical staff in Florida, I had to rely on the reserve team physio, who advised me just to rest and use crutches. To get a more thorough examination I would have to wait a few more days till the first team returned from the States.The pain was constant, intense and didn’t let up one bit. When I eventually saw the club doctor Gert Jan Goudswaard, he showed compassion and concern for my condition.Moody Blue Marco Negri: My final days at Rangers and why I didn't want to set foot inside IbroxHe immediately booked an MRI and two bone scans with a cocktail of radiopharmaceuticals injected into my veins – a mix of radioactive substances called ‘tracers’. I was told to avoid contact with children in the hours after each exam, such was the high levels of toxicity in my body.A few days later the Rangers doctor told me that the scans had shown up an inflammation of the shinbone.Marco Negri and Sieb Dykstra share a moment as Rangers play Dundee United in the League Cup in September 1997According to him, it was most likely connected to the wound and the clinical diagnosis revealed a bone infection at the top of the shinbone. The hematologic response to this infection was minimal with a white blood cell count not higher than 6,9 and other values which were more or less normal.An investigation carried out on my blood by Dr Hay in the labs of Ross Hall reported a substantial reduction in the number of lymphocytes and also the unbelievable confirmation of a CD 4 Lymphophenia that required urgent attention, and the intervention of an immunologist.Moody Blue Marco Negri: The day I screamed in the face of Rangers chief David MurrayThe properties of the blood, which had been attacked by a lymphogranuloma or lymphosarcoma, were similar to those of an AIDS patient, if not someone suffering from Hodgkin’s disease.I had witnessed some genuinely cold weather while in Scotland, but nothing like the chill I started to feel inside.It wasn’t the fear of having to deal with yet another injury, nor the discomfort of being out of contract and, therefore, the pressure to find a new club, nor even the disappointment of having to end my career in that manner.Rather, it was the terrifying prospect of learning that I could be seriously ill.I was immediately hospitalised. I hadn’t even considered the possibility of being HIV positive but the harsh reality was there in front of me in the medical report, and it was hard to ignore and digest.Moody Blue Marco Negri: The truth about Rangers, Sergio Porrini and THAT eye injuryI didn’t feel able to deal with such a thing alone. I needed my family around me and wanted to undergo further tests in Italy to understand exactly what was going on, the risks and chances of recovery.I had to return to Italy, and not on a temporary basis. I asked my lawyer to speak to Rangers about an early dissolution of my contract.Marco Negri training with Gordon Durie and Brian Laudrup in April 1998I only wanted to focus on one thing, and it wasn’t football. I needn’t have worried about Rangers’ response because it seemed they too shared my sentiments, and insisted my health was priority.They had no objections to the premature ending of our relationship, which was something I really appreciated, although it also showed me how serious my condition was.Click here for all the latest Rangers headlinesThe morning after being discharged from hospital, I flew from Glasgow to Bologna, where an MRI bone scan had been fixed for February 13th – and where I also feared the most important withdrawal of blood of my entire life.Luckily, I didn’t have to wait long to learn I was simply suffering a stress fracture of the tibial axis of the knee. This diagnosis was given by doctors in Bologna. In Scotland they hadn’t got it right this time, even if the results of three blood tests confirmed some anomalies that couldn’t be overlooked.The moody Blue: An unhappy Marco Negri at training in November 1997Further tests found my blood to be absolutely fine and there was no need for medication or invasive treatment. My drama had been resolved in the best way possible, and I put behind me the endless days of terror when the worst case scenario was swimming around in my head.My time at Rangers was really intense and never boring. Three and a half years on a roller coaster – crazy for both the speed with which everything seemed to happen, and the constant ups and downs.I shed tears of joy, satisfaction, pain and anger. I had received many awards for best player in a game, and other ‘virtual’ ones for the worst possible behaviour.In Glasgow I matured and became a man. I was sincerely fond of Scotland and the Scots, I lived and loved the habits and customs of that fascinating land, rich in tradition and history. I loved living in that cosmopolitan, lively and fun city.Moody Blue - The Story of Mysterious Marco is published by Pitch Publishing on Thursday, April 9.The book, which retails at £19.99, is available from Waterstones, WH Smith, Amazon and other book shops.Marco will be appearing at WH Smith, in Glasgow’s Argyle Street, on Saturday, April 11 between 1pm and 2pm to sign copies.He will also be at Waterstones, Braehead the following day from 2.30pm till 3.30pm.TOMORROW IN YOUR SUNDAY MAIL: My mad days with brilliant Gazza
The city has collected prizes in the Royal Town Planning Institute Placemaking Awards.The Little Kelham Housing scheme won two awards for Sustainability and ‘Placemaking in Northern England’, while Sheaf Valley Park won the Design Excellence Award and the Lower Don Valley Flood Defence Business Improvement District topped the Partnership category.Dave Caulfield, Sheffield Council’s director of regeneration and development services, said: “It’s brilliant that three schemes in Sheffield have just won a total of four awards. No other city apart from London received more than one.”The Little Kelham project, which is currently being developed, aims to deliver 153 homes, alongside creative spaces, shops, cafés and galleries.Sheaf Valley Park is a 1.25 kilometre-long green corridor connecting and transforming a series of under-used isolated spaces between Park Square and Granville Road, including South Street Park, Monument Gardens and Clay Woods.The scheme has improved access to the tram and railway stations and provided walking and cycling links between the city centre and Norfolk Park for residents.The Lower Don Valley BID was set up to support a construction project and river channel maintenance after the 2007 floods severely affected hundreds of businesses in the area. Work has now started on the £18 million flood defence project and the BID is being looked at as a model for how other cities could look after their rivers.
The governor, in a pre-election broadcast Friday in Port Harcourt, also urged people in the state to shun violence during the coming governorship election.He said people of the state should note that the election is for the progress of the state, adding that the common good of the state should be the concern of all.“As we prepare for the election, we have a little time to reflect on the issues at stake. It must be about Rivers State. It must be about its progress and the prosperity of all who live here and are from here.“It must be about development, good governance, peace and security. We need to stand firm as a people for what we believe in.“When that day breaks, I encourage you all to come out with your Permanent Voters Cards, walk to the polling station to get accredited.“Even if it rains, stand to be counted. This election is about your life, your safety, the wellbeing of your loved ones, your business and the future of your children and ultimately, our great state.“Let it be said of you in the future that you stood up to be counted. Deep down inside, everyone of us, we want a peaceful, transparent, credible and violence-free election,” the governor said.As long as you remain peaceful and law-abiding people, the state will ensure that its security personnel act professionally in keeping you safe because they and their families also have a stake in a peaceful election. Certainly, afflictions shall not rise a second time.Again, I call on the youth to resolve not to be instruments in the hands of politicians who don’t wish our people well. Those who divide and pitch us against ourselves are not of us; they are not our friends, they are our enemies and we must avoid them.
A specialist team is scouring disused mine shafts as the search continues for two missing prospectors in Western Australia.Jennie Kehlet, 49 and Raymond Kehlet, 47, have not been seen since March 22.They were prospecting near an area called Table Top, just out of Sandstone, 730 kilometres north-east of Perth.Inspector Scott Morrissey said the couple were not experienced prospectors."They're not experienced prospectors - our understanding is it's their second time of prospecting, however they are reasonably comfortable camping in the bush," Inspector Morrissey said.He said they were in remote bushland."It is tough, remote - it's virgin bushland - it varies from very rocky to sandy, there's some undulating countryside," he said."The major hazard out there is there's numerous old mine diggings or mine shafts, and yesterday we cleared 33 of those with specialist personnel from SES in Kalbarri and DFES personnel in Perth."Those mine shafts range from 3 metres to 20 metres."Inspector Morrissey said it was not known how many more mine shafts the team would have to search."The detail around these old diggings is very unclear - there's no firm number of what's left - we're just covering what we can as we come across it in the search area as we progress through our probable search area," he said.So far, the search, which began on Wednesday morning, has covered a wide area but there has been no sign of the Kehlets."We're concentrating on a probable search area of roughly 10 square kilometres," Inspector Morrissey said."We had a Dornier, which is a specialised search aircraft cover 25 kilometres by 25 kilometres which is 625 square kilometres."Police said the couple's campsite was all set up."The vehicles and campsite are all intact and basically look like they would be for anyone that would be living and using the campsite - the only thing missing is the two missing people," Inspector Morrissey said."The campsite is roughly 30 kilometres south of Sandstone townsite and its remote bushland where gold [prospectors] go."The amount of food and water the couple had with them is unknown - they certainly had plenty of food and plenty of water at their campsite."They're not within that vicinity, we can't find them within the immediate vicinity of that location; what they have on them is unknown."The couple's vehicles are all at their campsite."There's two vehicles the couple were travelling in to tow two separate trailers and they're located at the campsite," Inspector Morrissey said."A four-wheel drive quad bike that was theirs has been located within close proximity of the campsite and that is the only transport options they had available to them."Police are preparing the family for the worst."Unfortunately to date we haven't found any sign of any trace of the missing people at all," he said."We're always hopeful we'll find them alive but in reality we have prepared the family to expect a poor outcome."
This question has become relevant because, barely four days after Buhari was declared winner of the Presidential election, beating incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan, suspected militants have blown up a major high pressure gas pipeline at Ighwrenene Community in Delta State, warning the president-elect that he may have his hands full in containing the economic sabotage.The incident occurred at about 2:30 am Friday.The economic sabotage was coming about one week after some former leaders of the Niger Delta militants threatened to return to the creeks and resume their war against the Nigerian state in response to Buhari’s election victory over Jonathan. But Jonathan’s quick congratulatory message to Buhari even before INEC, the electoral body, officially declared him winner, doused tension in the land and forced some of them to retract their words. However, Friday’s incident made the situation hazy.Also, a group of Urhobo youths under the aegis of Urhobo Gbagbako Friday claimed responsibility for the March 22 bombings of the Nigeria Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) oil pipelines in Ekiugbo, Ughelli Local Government Area “on a massive scale.” It said that the aim was to give vent to their demand for pipeline surveillance contracts.Nigeria is almost a one-product economy with oil contributing about 90 percent of her wealth.The late former president, Alhaji Musa Yar’Adua had to grant amnesty to the Niger Delta militants who fought from the creeks to drive home their demand for derivation and resource control in the country.The Federal Government also approved 13 percent derivation as well as other programmes aimed at cushioning the effects of degradation occasioned by oil exploration for the oil producing states.However, as at 10am Friday in Ighwrenene Community, an official of the NPDC accompanied by two mobile policemen were at the scene making frantic calls on how to extinguish the inferno which was ravaging the area.Another official attached to the Pipeline Surveillance Unit (PSU) in the area, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that the affected pipeline was a trunkline which conveys the product from Eriemu,   Kokori, Afiesere, Uzere, West-End at Kwale, Ogini, Olomoro and Owhe to the Ughelli Quality Control Center (UQCC).Attempts by fire fighters from the NPDC, SPDC and the Delta State Fire Service departments to extinguish the fire had not been successful even as one of their trucks got stuck along the road to the scene of the explosion making access to the spot almost impassable.Meanwhile, the Commanding Officer of the 222 Battalion, Agbarha-Otor, Lt. Col Mathew Oyekola said 15 suspects have so far been arrested in connection with the incident.In a statement Friday, leader of Urhobo Gbagbako, Priest Omodjuvwu said the group carried out the latest round of bombing along the Afiesere and Ekiugbo axis of the council area, during which it shut down all the oil fields in Urhobo and Isoko nations.Omodjuvwu said, “We have earlier warned NPDC and the Federal Government on the pipeline surveillance contract to no avail.‘’The contract is going on without the inclusion of the Urhobo and that is injustice being meted out to the Urhobo, which we will resist to the end. We need the pipeline surveillance contract now or the bombings will continue.“We have now commenced bombings of oil and gas installations in Ekiugbo/Ighrenene/Afiesere areas and we will continue in an unprecedented scale, until we get the pipeline surveillance contracts in our area.”He also added that the group’s quest for oil contracts was immediate, in the absence of which the youths would continue the assault on oil facilities in their domain, without waiting for the expiry of the 14 days’ ultimatum earlier credited to it.The Federal Government was said to have on March 16, reviewed its new plan to safeguard the waterways and oil pipelines by directing the police and the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) to quit the job for some companies, which had been signed on by the government.The companies were reportedly owned by some former Niger Delta militants and prominent citizens including Government Tompolo, Mujaheedin Asari-Dokubo, Chief Bipobiri Ajube (aka Gen. Shoot-At-Sight) as well as the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) led by Dr. Frederick Fasehun and Gani Adams.About seven companies were said to have been allocated “regions” or operational areas as follows: Egbe Security River One (Bayelsa); Gallery Security (Mosinmi-Ore); Close Body Protection (Edo State); Adex Energy Security (Rivers); Donyx Global Concept (Lagos and Ogun); Oil Facilities Surveillance (Delta) and New Age Global Security (Mosinmi-Ibadan).The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), it was said, would coordinate the jobs.Nigeria has been battling with huge revenue loss due to vandalism of oil and gas pipelines.Niger Delta militant leader Asari-Dokubo has threatened to return to the creeks and resume his war against the Nigerian state in response to General Muhammadu Buhari’s election victory over President Goodluck Jonathan.On Saturday, Nigerians went to the polls to elect a new president and Buhari of the All Progressives Congress (APC) beat incumbent President Jonathan of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).Subsequently, Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND), sent Buhari a congratulatory message saying that Nigerians made the right choice.However, Mr Dokubo, who earlier promised to unleash violence on the country if President Jonathan was not re-elected, promised to return to the creeks, blaming the Yoruba and Hausa for working against Ndigbo and Niger Deltans.
Controversy: The Department of Education has been notified of the incidentA married teacher was caught having sex with his lover in a classroom at an elite independent school.Private tutor Colin Turnbull, 69, was discovered in a “compromising position” with Rozina Khanim at the fee-paying Priory School in Edgbaston by a stunned governor.The Department for Education, Ofsted and the city council have been alerted about the astonishing classroom tryst, which took place during an entrance exam day.The Birmingham Mail reports that governor and facilities manager Kevin Bird had walked in on the pair on January 24 and saw them engaged in a sexual act.The school was packed with pupils and parents as entrance exams were taking place and a theatre dance group was also performing.Tryst: A governor walked in on Rozina and Colin engaged in a sex actMr Turnbull had worked at the school for nine years, hiring a room out at the school to offer private tuition to pupils looking to pass their 11+.The married tutor refused to comment when approached at his family home in Beoley, Worcestershire, while Ms Khanim - who describes herself as an artist and a model - was not at her home in Balsall Heath.But a Priory School spokeswoman confirmed assistant headteacher Stuart Shelton had ordered Mr Turnbull to leave the school premises and ‘never return’ after he was caught in the act.“The nature of the facilities manager’s duties meant that he had cause to go to an otherwise unused part of the schools premises,” she said. “It was whilst undertaking his duties that he found Mr Turnbull in a location neither he, nor any other person, should have been at that time.“Once Mr Turnbull’s behaviour was discovered by the school’s facilities manager, he promptly informed the assistant headteacher.“Mr Turnbull was challenged; he fully admitted improper behaviour and was then instructed by the assistant headteacher to leave the school site immediately and to not return.”She said the school reported the matter to Birmingham city council’s social services department.“As far as the school is concerned, while behaviour of the sort alleged is wholly unacceptable in any circumstances, we understand from the advice taken from social services that Mr Turnbull had not engaged in any illegal activity,” she added. “There was no pupil involved, the incident was between Mr Turnbull and an adult female.”Shock: A spokeswoman said Mr Turnbull rented a classroom at Priory School in EdgbastonShe said Mr Turnbull was not directly employed by the school but instead hired a room at the premises to run private tuition classes for pupils hoping to pass the tough 11+ entrance exam for grammar and independent schools.“It is common for schools to rent out space when their premises are not otherwise being used,” she added."The alleged incident took place in a closed room, away from any other persons who were on the school site at the time.”An Ofsted spokeswoman said: “We can confirm that we have received a complaint about this incident."However, Ofsted has no powers to consider complaints made against independent schools and have therefore referred it to the Department for Education who are the registration authority for all independent schools.”A spokeswoman for Birmingham City Council said the authority had also referred the matter to the DfE and declined to comment further.A Department for Education spokesman said: “Independent schools must adhere to the Independent School Standards. Any suggestion that schools are not doing so will be investigated.”Meanwhile, sources close to the school criticised it for failing to inform parents about the incident.Kicked out: Mr Turnbull was asked to leave the school and 'never return'“I feel like Mr Turnbull was allowed to leave by the back door and he is now free to carry on providing private tuition elsewhere while he has acted completely inappropriately on a school’s premises,” they said.Private tuition has become one of the fastest-growing sectors in the education market-place - however it is an industry where there are no statutory minimum qualification requirements and no rules to prevent anyone from setting up as a private tutor.In October 2013, The Tutors Association was formed in a bid to establish minimum standards for the industry and draw up a code of ethics by which all members are expected to abide.Director Mylene Curtis said: “Private tutors must be held to the very same high standards that employed teachers are, you can not compromise on professionalism.“I believe in this incident there is a safeguarding issue, what if a child had walked into the classroom?“Cases like this need to be reported to the authorities and thoroughly investigated.”The Birmingham Mail later spoke to Ms Khanim on the phone and put the school sex incident to her. She declined to comment, but said: "That's not how it all happened.''
Controversy has ensued over the detention of Muhammad Musa, a consultant to ACT Technologies Ltd by the Department of State Services (DSS).Musa, whose company is said to be one of the firms engaged by Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to supply the Card Reader Machines, has sued the DSS for detaining him illegally since March 24, 2015.In his fundamental rights enforcement suit, which he filed before the Federal High Court in Abuja, Musa cited the blatant violation of his rights by his illegal detention by DSS.According to an affidavit filed in support of his suit, Musa is being held in DSS detention cell alongside the chief executive officer of ACT Technologies Ltd, one of the suppliers of the machines to INEC.Musa wants the court to award N100m damages against the security organisation for illegally detaining him.He also wants the court to order his release and declare his arrest, detention and continued intimidation by the DSS in relation to the card reader issue as illegal, unconstitutional and a violation of his fundamental rights.The suit was filed on his behalf on March 27 by his lawyer, Mahmud Magaji (SAN).The plaintiff was said to have on March 24 received a phone call from the Director General of DSS inviting him to the organisation’s headquarters in Abuja and had since been held in detention upon honouring the invitation.He was said to have since 1pm on March 24 been held without charge.Wife of the applicant, Mrs. Sa’adatu Musa, deposed to a supporting affidavit because he was still being held in the DSS detention cell.The wife said the respondent’s officials had refused her access to her husband since he honoured the DSS boss’ invitation.Musa, who is praying the court to award N100m as general and exemplary damages against the DSS for its unlawful acts, also seeks an order of perpetual injunction restraining the respondent and its agents from engaging in further harassing, intimidating, arresting and detaining him in relation to the card reader used by INEC.He hinged his prayers on three grounds, one of which was that SSS agents’ unlawful interference with his liberty in connection with the procurement of the card readers constituted an infringement of his fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution.The plaintiff’s wife said her husband was not an employee of ACT Technologies, but a consultant, who was being held with the company’s Chief Executive Officer.The wife, who prayed the court to order the immediate release of her husband, including granting all the prayers in the application, said if not restrained by the court, the DSS would continue to detain her husband without arraigning him before any court if the respondent has anything against him.The case was assigned to Justice Adeniyi Ademola, but a date is yet to be fixed for hearing.
ENGLAND and Great Britain goalkeeper Maddie Hinch was the star turn at Romsey Hockey Club’s junior fun day and awards presentation.Hinch gave the youngsters a coaching masterclass, while parents and juniors took part in a mini tournament.The day concluded with the awards presentation where Jade Phillips was named junior club person of the year for her work coaching the club’s under-eights. Georgie Pugh won the Bonham Cup (most improved junior), the under-14 player making great strides as a goalkeeper.U8: Harry Appleton (player of the season), Phoebe Lewis (most improved player).
Following the amalgamation of a number of Scotland’s rural colleges, SRUC was established two years ago.Professor Geoff Simm is vice-principal with responsibility for research. He is a Fellow of the Royal Agricultural Societies and a Fellow of the Society of Biology. He was awarded an SAC personal professorship in animal breeding in 1999.David Andrews caught up with him to ask about his work.Q — How many people are involved in research at SRUC?A — We have 320 staff in the research division, which is the most there has been in the past couple of decades.Alongside them we have 85 postgraduate research students, which is also a record.A — We have four groups.* One looks at animal and veterinary sciences, and that covers genetics, animal welfare, diseases, nutrition and avian sciences.This is the largest of the four groups.* The second group covers crops and soil systems; looking at the pathology and diseases of crops, especially potatoes and barley.This is also the International Year of the Soil, so there is a lot of focus on soils around the world.We are looking not only at their ability to produce food but also their ability to store carbon and provide other environmental ‘services’.We are fortunate at SRUC that we have retained a strong group of soil scientists. They are very active both in contribution to productivity and in environmental management.They are also involved in the agronomy of the crops, carrying out practical field trials on management and crop varieties.* The third research group deals with land economy, environment and society.It covers agricultural economics and the provision of evidence for developing new policies.This group also works on issues such as providing models for the implementation of the CAP.They also work with rural communities on issues such as broadband provision.While there is a lot of attention given to urban poverty, there are also areas of rural poverty which slip under the radar.The ‘postcode’ type approach often used with urban poverty does not easily identify people living in poverty in country areas.* The final group of research workers come under the heading of future farming systems, and they bring together a lot of our research to farm-scale trials.We can carry out work in laboratories, but to make this research applicable in practice it has to be translated into realistic benefits.This work underlines the importance of our experimental farms, where we have the best set in the UK. These include the dairy unit at the Crichton in Dumfries; the beef, sheep, and pig centres at the Bush outside Edinburgh; and the hill farm at Crianlarich.Q — So you try to get the rewards from basic research turned into practical applications?A — Yes. We have open days on those farms, plus we have crop trials on commercial farms.There are a lot of farmer links with our crop clinic which forecasts disease risks.Our animal science group produces information on livestock breeding data to produce Estimated Breeding Values which help guide buyers to the top bulls and rams.We provide all the results for the UK dairy herd, including the Profitable Lifetime Index for bulls and cows.Q — Is it a good time to be in research?A — It has never been better.I have been in research for 32 years.When I was studying, it was the beginning of the research cuts in the UK which have been a fairly constant feature in that time.Scotland has been lucky, with the Scottish Government providing continuity in funding for research which has not been present in other parts of UK.In the past five years we have seen a real recognition of the massive challenges facing agriculture.The world population is expected to grow from seven billion people today up to nine billion by mid-century.We need to grow more food and waste less, especially since a number of countries are emerging from poverty and are looking at western diets with higher contributions from animal products.That creates another challenge, as many animals rely on crops grown on land.With the climate changing, we are also seeing some large areas of land globally becoming less productive.We really have to find smarter ways to produce more with less damage to the environment.Q — How does Scotland match up with other countries in quality of research carried out?A — Very often Scottish animal and plant research is ranked number one or two in the world.The Research Excellence Framework is an exercise that evaluates research in the UK prior to making funding decisions.We (at SRUC) have never been included before, but we made a joint submission along with Edinburgh University in agriculture, food and veterinary science and we were ranked top in UK in the volume of high quality research carried out.Q — You also collaborate with research workers in other parts of the world, don’t you?A — At the moment we are working with 55 countries around the world.We are also involved with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, where the aim is to alleviate poverty in poorer parts of the world, including sub-Saharan Africa. It is very fulfilling work.Q — During your time in research you will have seen vast changes in the work.A — Twenty-five to 30 years ago there was a strong belief that molecular genetics was going to revolutionise animal and plant breeding.It is beginning to do so now, but it has taken longer than many expected, largely because many of the aspects of plants and animals that we are interested in are controlled by hundreds of genes rather than a single gene.So there is usually no silver bullet.What is happening now is that we have far better tools for identifying plants and animals that have sets of genes that make them more productive, healthy etc.Q — What attracted you to research?A — I studied agriculture at Bangor University, and in my final year did a research project.I was always keen on animals, having come from a remote rural part of north England.I got a real kick out of doing the research and decided there and then to look for somewhere I could do a PhD in animal research.This brought me to the Animal Breeding Research Organisation (now part of the Roslin Institute) in Edinburgh.I did my PhD on the genetic improvement of Hereford beef cattle.I have enjoyed the work ever since.It is a lesson to me that students should be exposed to research.Whether that leads to a career or just knowing how research works is incidental.
David Soutar has announced that he is to retire this summer as farms director at Strathmore Farming Company after 33 years with the business.Mr Soutar, 62, has been with the Strathmore family at Glamis since 1982 and has overseen many changes in the size and diversity of the business.“The clock is ticking and I have a few more things I need to do in my life,” he said.“I have had the privilege of working with some great people around me over the years.“We have a good team at Glamis, and I am confident they will continue to flourish in what is an exciting but challenging time for the farming and rural industries.”Strathmore Farming Company farms 2,400ha of the Glamis Estates over a range of soils, with a variety of enterprises to suit.It produces 1,100 tonnes of Freedom Foods outdoor-reared pork annually, in addition to 6,000t of cereals aimed at the quality market.The hill ground and permanent pasture is grazed by 200 commercial cows, all out-wintered, using genetics derived initially from a small fold of pedigree Highland cattle at Glamis Castle.“We need most of our sheds for pigs, so utilise our Highland genetics to allow us to save costs in beef production by out-wintering,” said Mr Soutar, who recently came back from New Zealand having put a paper to a conference there to show the commercial benefits of the breed.“Having been around the breed most of my life I knew what they could do, and when, in 1987, Mary Countess of Strathmore indicated a wish to have a few around the castle I was able to turn these into something a bit more commercial which fitted into our upland policy.”A past chairman of Angus FWAG, David has been delighted that the measures introduced over the years have paid dividends, with many species of birds thriving in the many hedgerows, margins and on the heather moorland.“Nothing gives me more pleasure than seeing yellow hammers around the farm office on a spring day — knowing we have helped them, along with many other species, through the commitment the business has made over the last 30 years to wildlife-friendly policy.”Lord Strathmore said: “David has given 100% commitment to the Strathmore family over more than three decades, and we acknowledge his wishes to take things a bit easier, allowing him time to concentrate on other activities going forward.“He has, with a lot of support from his wife Anne, dedicated most of his working life to the success of our farming operation and has been a key member of our executive team here at Glamis.“However, I am pleased to say David has agreed to be retained on a consultancy basis for a while, so his knowledge will not be totally lost.”Mr Soutar is a Fellow of the Royal Agricultural Societies and, as a well respected judge of Highland cattle, has officiated at shows up-and-down the country.
THE Scottish Borders Chamber of Commerce has welcomed the publication of the House of Commons Scottish Affairs Committee Report entitled Our Borderlands, Our Future.Jack Clark, convener of SBCC, said: “The committee is to be congratulated on compiling this comprehensive report which focuses on the current and future economic and social needs of the south of Scotland."The evidence they heard from a wide range of organisations based in the region, including SBCC, has produced a detailed, balanced and sensible set of findings which we hope both Westminster and Holyrood governments will act upon without delay.“In particular, the Chamber of Commerce supports the committee’s recommendations on communications and transport infrastructure." Both broadband and mobile phone network connections are absolutely vital to sustaining local businesses in rural areas such as ours, allowing them to flourish and create jobs." We support the Committee’s call for both governments to pull together to ensure the correct framework is in place to encourage the providers to roll out their programme of improvements and thus attract further inward investment in the area and business start-ups. The south of Scotland deserves superfast broadband and state-of-the-art mobile coverage just as much as any part of the country. The committee is dead right on this.“Also welcome is the committee’s call for the extension of the Borders railway to Hawick and, eventually, Carlisle. Nobody pretends this will be easy or cheap but if we are serious about stimulating the Borders’ economy for the long-term benefit of generations to come, then it must be looked at seriously. Where there’s a will, there’s a way.”“Cross-border trading is of great importance to businesses in the south of Scotland. Much of our commercial activity takes place with our nearest neighbours in the north of England, from Northumberland and the Newcastle area to Cumbria and Carlisle. This is perhaps especially true of the tourism and agriculture sectors. The committee’s recognition that cross-border collaborative bodies, such as the Borderlands Initiative and the South of Scotland Alliance, can provide a boost to job creation and business activity is helpful – and SBCC supports their call for this activity to be backed up by the establishment of joint Westminster and Holyrood ministerial forums.”“In our evidence to the Committee, SBCC called for the re-drawing of the EU’s NUTS 2 boundaries in order to create a separate entity for the south of Scotland that does not tie the region in with Glasgow, Edinburgh and the Central Belt which produces skewed findings on which funding decisions are made. A restructuring to create a south of Scotland NUTS area would directly lead to greater structural funding for our region – such as already exists for the Highlands & Islands. We very much welcome the committee’s recommendation that Westminster, Holyrood and local authorities should work together to take up this cause.“As for Scottish Enterprise, we agree with the committee that the current centralised structure has had a negative effect on the economic development and enterprise culture in the south of Scotland. Looking to the success of Highlands & Islands Enterprise, SBCC called for the establishment of a separate South of Scotland Enterprise – and we still do. The committee, however, has stopped short of backing that call, instead recommending that existing Scottish Enterprise resources should take better account of the specific needs of the south of Scotland and are re-focused to better address those needs head-on. We support this wholeheartedly.”“All in all, the committee has done an excellent job and has put forward a package of recommendations which, if implemented, would bring far-reaching and long-term economic and social benefits to the region. It is now for the UK and Scottish Governments, along with local authorities and other bodies, to work together to bring these improvements about. As the 2015 General Election campaign gets underway in earnest, we call on all south of Scotland candidates to lend their support to the Committee’s finding.”
Australian surfing star Mick Fanning will have to wait another day for his sudden-death heat at Bells Beach.Rip Curl Pro organisers called competition off for a second-straight day on Saturday morning.Fanning, the defending champion at Bells, and compatriot Joe Van Dijk will open the men's second round when heats resume.Fanning has won Bells three times and is also a three-time world champion.But Hawaiian wildcard Mason Ho surprisingly beat Fanning and Freddy Patacchia in their round-one heat.The women are also waiting for the second round to start.
SCOTT DANN clearly remembers the accident which effectively ended his boxing career.While most boxers see their career ended by a knockout blow, a judge’s call or the inevitable ravages of time, it was a trip to the local shop which accounted for Dann’s.At the time he was British and Commonwealth middleweight champion, with tickets on sale for another title defence and a European title bout in the pipeline.His incredible power and counter-punching ability meant that a world title shot was not far off, and the people of Plymouth had taken Dann to their heart as a true champion.But it was going to his local Co-op in St Judes which brought that to a dramatic halt.A simple collision between Dann’s Ford Focus and Ford Fiesta which aggravated a back injury and left him unable to walk, let alone box.“It was such an innocuous accident – you could have suffered worse on the dodgems at the fair,” he said.“It was that simple. I was driving along Beaumont Road because I was going to the Co-op on Salisbury Road, and I missed the turning.“So I indicated to go up the next turning.“I’m stopped in the road, and there’s a car coming the other way.“As that car has just passed me I’ve looked in my rear-view mirror and there’s this car coming towards me quite quick.“So I tried to pull forward and he’s just clipped the back of the car and it’s jerked me sideways.“So I’ve driven up the road, where I was going, to get my car out of the way, put the handbrake on, took my seatbelt off and tried to get out and just been like ‘flipping hell’.“Every time I went to move it was like someone had a knife in my back.“So I stayed there and waited for the ambulance and they took me out on a spinal board – embarrassing – and took me to hospital.“They kept saying they didn’t know what was wrong, but my doctor was there and he said ‘trust me, if he says he’s in pain, he’s in pain’ – as I’m not one to moan.“So they did a few tests and said they couldn’t see anything wrong with me.“They discharged me from hospital, but I could hardly walk.“So I had an MRI scan and that’s when they discovered I’ve got a pious defect in my back.“But that little knock obviously triggered it off.”At the time, the accident turned Dann’s life upside down.Then 31 and now 40, Dann said at the time that he feared it may end his boxing career – something which proved to be true.“I’ve been depressed and got over it, as I don’t think you can dwell on the past, you’ve just got to get on with it.“It’s hard, don’t get me wrong, for the past couple of years I couldn’t even watch boxing because it used to sicken me.“Even now I think I could go back and beat the middleweight champion of Britain.“I train and spar with the lads up the gym now, and it’s easy for me – it just comes naturally.“But you’ve got to look at other things. I’m the wrong side of 40 now, I’ve got two kids.“Bernard Hopkins just fought for a world title and he’s 50 years old.“I’ve been talking to Eddie Hearn about doing the prizefighter tournament, and he said they would definitely have me in it.“I would just have to have one fight first. But I spoke to my missus about it, and my family and they said ‘do you have to, all the stress we went through before?’. So you just have to weigh up the options.“I want to do it myself, but I would have to give up work to train properly and then there’s the risk that what if it doesn’t pay off, or I could get another injury.“I’ve just got to accept the fact that I’m going to be a working man until I retire. But that’s life, and 80 per cent of the population does it.”IT IS a small classified advertisement which has run regularly in the back of The Herald which tells the story of Dann’s replacement career.He is, and always will be, the city’s greatest-ever boxer. There are few who could challenge that, and certainly none in the modern era.But after the accident which caused him such crippling pain, Dann has turned to the business which he did before boxing, and which his father did before him: waste disposal.His small coloured advert, between that of plumbers and painter-decorators, reads: Dynamite Dann Disposals: A champion service at knockout prices.While other boxers with such an acclaimed career would have had too much pride to reference themselves like this, it’s a measure of Dann’s self-depreciation. You can’t help but like him.“I’m always in the Herald, that’s what I do now, it’s my business,” he says.“It’s ok, it pays the bills. Obviously I would like to have been a world champion but that got cut short, but you’ve just got to get on with life, and this is what I do – and I’m quite good at it.“Some people laugh at the name – Dynamite Dann Disposals – and I have to explain why its called that, but it’s good.“I’m out of the house every day, going to different places.”“Obviously I’ve got Plympton Amateur Boxing Club and we’ve had a couple of national champions, and we’ve got a girl who has been selected for England who’s also fighting out of our gym.“I’m up there five days a week and I’m still relatively fit myself.“I could probably box within a month if I wanted to – so that’s all good.”“My back is fine now – it’s crazy really.“I’ve got my moments when it plays up. I’m not sure if it’s sciatica, and nobody seems to be able to give me an answer, but I get pain which goes from my back all the way down to my knee. It keeps me up.“But it plays up for two weeks and then it’s fine for a couple of months.”“They’ve said I’ve got a pious defect, which is where the spine connects,” he says.He puts two fingers together to make a long line to represent the spine, and then puts one of them slightly out of position to show the anatomy of his own problem.“Either I’ve broken it at some stage or I was born like it,” he explains.“I know I broke it – I was running on the moors and I jumped off a rock and landed funny.“But that must have healed fine, and then I had the car accident which triggered it off.”THE record which Dann has been left with asks one burning question: What if?Dann won the final ten fights of his career – seven of them by stoppages. Titles were on the line for six of those fights, the last of which was for the Commonwealth Middleweight title, which Dann won by stopping Larry ‘Razor’ Sharpe at the Pavilions on February 10, 2006.Yet looking back at his career, it is his last defeat which Dann talks most about.“Howard Eastman was a big learning curve for me,” he says.“I took that fight too early and it should never have been stopped anyway – particularly with eight seconds of the round to go.“I knocked him on the floor in the first round and the ref never decided to give it a count“Then I hurt him badly at the end of the second round, but it was playing on my mind that every time I went back to the corner I said to Chris [Sanigar] ‘why didn’t the ref count him?’.“Then he catches me with a shot in the belly and I couldn’t breathe. All I was trying to do was run away and the ref stopped the fight.“But he hadn’t even hit me really.“I think they just realised that it could have been a bit dodgy for Eastman if he couldn’t get me out of there quick.“At the time, he was British, Commonwealth and European champion and they wanted him to fight for the world title – so stuff like that happens.“But since then it was a massive learning curve and I dedicated myself a lot more after that fight, and I went on leaps and bounds.“I would have definitely won a world title, I know that. I was supposed to fight for the European title. I was going to defend against Richard Williams, and that would have been for the European title then.“I had a European title fight all lined up to fight Sebastian Sylvester, the German.“That was in the pipeline, Chris Sanigar had that match all made, and for big money as well.“Even though it was in Germany – you’ve got to knock em out to get a draw in Germany – I would have took that as I was quite capable of knocking him out, I thought.“But then I had the car accident so all that fell through, and the replacement who ended up fighting Sylvester knocked him out in the fifth round.
HALIFAX - Thomas Ulsrud is getting used to having Saturday off at the World Curling Championships - and the Canadian team he and Team Norway defeated in extra ends is more than used to doing things the hard way, wherever they play.No matter how this turned out, the two teams were going to have regrets - and Pat Simmons, John Morris, Carter Rycroft and Nolan Thiessen had a few."There were a few opportunities. No point sulking about it, we have a game we have to try to win Saturday," said Simmons."It was unfortunate. We controlled the game early. We left them off the hook a little bit. We just need to turn the page and be ready for tomorrow night. It's not like we never played the semi-final of a win or go home situation," said Thiessen, the lead who has won all three of his Briers playing in the Saturday evening semi-final.The game featured a goofy sort of start, with the between-ends entertainment rushing into position after Simmons' last rock and the P.A. host beginning to introduce proceedings.One problem: Ulsrud won hammer in the round robin where the two teams ended with 10-1 records.When Ulsrud finally took the shot, a significant percentage of the 4,441 fans, despite being mostly Canadians, were hoping he made it.On the second end with no outside influences, he missed on his final rock attempt leaving Simmons a routine shot to score two and take a 2-1 lead.That turned into 3-2 by the fifth end break and Ulsrud saw the opportunity for a multiple point end in the sixth but came up light with his long raise to the button and allowed Canada a steal of one and a 4-2 lead.If you wanted to see a raise, John Morris showed 'em a raise on the next end - a raise involving the combination of five rocks to sit three. But Ulsrud made a runback double on last rock to score two and tie it up again."That's not my favourite shot, the run double," said Ulsrud. "If they guarded the house there, we don't have a shot at all. They left the double and to me we won the game right there."Rycroft threw his water bottle after that one."It was stupid on our part to in any way leave him that shot. We could have thrown a long guard and covered the hole pretty easily. The analysis is that we were not throwing for our sweepers," said Carter Rycroft.Forced to draw for a slice of the button in the eighth, Simmons made the shot and it was 5-4 Canada. Ulsrud got his tow back on nine, while Simmons missed a circus shot attempt for the win but hit for one and went to the extra end where Ulsrud had the four foot and more for the win."I just ran into Randy Ferbey after. He was one of my big idols growing up playing curling. He was the last one to win back-to-back and now we have that chance Sunday," said the defending world champion."I have to tell my guys. This is unusual stuff. I have a lot of young guys on my team. They're going to hit Halifax pretty hard tonight."You have to go back to Markku Uusipaavalniemi (a.k.a M-15 for the number of letters in his last name) for the last and one of the only times Finland brought home a medal from the World Men's Curling Championships.But the motley crew skipped by Aku Kauste of the Kisakallio Curling Club in Lohja put Finland in position to do so again here Friday afternoon.Drawing against two with his final rock in the 10th end, Kauste was only about two inches short of giving up a steal. But the rock stopped in time for a 6-5 victory over John Shuster of the U.S. in a tie-breaker game between two 6-5 teams in the round robin.Finland advances against Sweden in Saturday afternoon's three versus four playoff with the winner advancing to the Saturday night semi final.Uusipaavalniemi won bronze in both 1998 and 2000 - the only two medals Finland has ever taken home from the event.Randy Ferbey was first up with his delayed by-a-year induction into the World Curling Hall of Fame at the fifth end break here Friday.Saturday Ray Turnbull and Russ Howard take their turns.Turnbull's induction will be held at the fifth end break of the afternoon 3-4 game while Howard will come down from the TSN booth Turnbull used to occupy to take his turn in the fifth end of the Saturday evening semi final.Hiroyuki Saito, a former World Curling Federation executive from Japan rounds out the Class of 2015.
YOU’VE had the case for the prosecution, now here’s the case for the defence of Brad Inman.While those for the prosecution will point to just two goals and one assist this season, those across the bench will point to the enormous potential that’s waiting to be tapped in to.Another week passed on the Reaseheath training pitches and another in which the 23-year-old has impressed and he was a threat throughout the under-21s’ draw with Nottingham Forest on Monday.Countless times this season the word coming out of the training ground is what a good week Inman has had.And after a few substitute outings, he was given his chance as part of a new-look line-up at Rochdale on March 3.An abject display saw the Alex well beaten 4-0 with the Australian giving away a 38th minute penalty.Tracking his full-back in to his own box was commendable, what followed was unfortunate as he sent Joe Rafferty to the floor.Operating on the left he was given little to feed off, the Alex’s cause certainly not helped by Nicky Ajose being all too isolated at the top of the Alex attack.A couple of promising runs were halted by uncompromising defending but that was all we would see of him for the next three weeks.Made the scapegoat of the evening, Inman was left out of the next four squads before being re-introduced as a substitute in the 2-0 win over Scunthorpe, again after another good week training.A neat touch in the build-up to Colclough’s late winner at Sheffield United showed his quality, but his performance in the final 15 minutes of the goalless draw with Crawley showed the conundrum with him.Here is a player with undoubted talent, but as you would gauge should you speak to him, someone who thrives on confidence, something that will have certainly taken a hit because of his continued absence for the team.Inman has shown glimpses that he can get back to his best, an outstanding solo display against Bolton and an excellent 70-yard run which almost rendered a fine ending at Walsall in October are just that.Since then, Inman, thrown on by Davis to make something happen, has picked up some excellent positions but has all too often taken the safe option, something unsurprising because of his feeling that he must impress in every minute that he’s on the field.Several times he has had his defender one-on-one but rather than driving to the byline, he has cut inside and passed up the opportunity to really show his worth.But in Inman, Marcus Haber, Ryan Colclough and George Cooper, Davis has options from the bench that can render results, and vital ones at that in the run in.Colclough’s stunner at Bramall Lane earned them the three points last weekend and as the game wore on at Gresty Road it was clear that those from the sidelines could again be the difference.Such is the form of those on the Alex bench, Steve Davis could easily start at Chesterfield with the three forwards that finished the game against Crawley Town and not see any change.How many teams at the bottom of the league would be able to say the same?So while the forwards weren’t at their best in the six pointer against Crawley, the options at Davis’s disposal should prompt an increased showing in North Derbyshire on Monday.Having spent a considerable fee in Crewe’s terms on Inman and with him still having another year left on his contract, this is not the time to be giving up on him.Davis revealed that Inman passed up the opportunity to go out in search of game time and fight for his place and with now being a time for the players to show their fight, there would be no better time for him to play his part in what has been a frustrating season.
MORE than £600 was raised for the Colin Bloomfield Melanoma Appeal during an evening of entertainment with football legend Kevin Keegan.The event saw the former Liverpool and England football player and manager give a presentation about his career as well as meet and greet fans.The money was raised through a game of Heads or Tails played at the event, which was held at the iPro Stadium.Now, organiser Matt McGibbon is hosting an evening with entertainer Bobby Davro and football legend Jimmy Greaves in a bid to boost the fund-raising total to £3,000.Matt, who works as a mortgage adviser and runs sporting events company Capital M Events, as well as being a pitchside presenter, said: "I have put on these types of events before. I have had the likes of Paul Gascoigne and Alan Shearer at events and they have been great."This time I decided that we would try and raise some money on the night for the Colin Bloomfield Melanoma Appeal."I know Colin and see him at games at the pitchside. He is such a decent guy and I wanted to give something towards the appeal."More than 250 people turned out to the event. Guests were invited to pay £3 to participate in a game of Heads or Tails.He said: "Everybody who wanted to play put their money in the envelope and stood up."Kevin tossed the coin at the front and while it was in the air everybody shouted heads or tails. If they chose heads they put their hands on their heads and for tails they put their hands on their backsides. Those who guessed right carry on standing up until one person is left."On the night, the winner took home £100 and the rest of the money – £620 – was put to one side for the Colin appeal.Mr McGibbon said: "Kevin Keegan is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet. He was talking to fans and signing their photographs and he was friendly to everybody."Everybody was riveted by his presentation. He was superb and it was a really good night."Mr McGibbon said BBC Radio Derby presenter Colin's campaign was "close to his heart". He added: "My mum suffered from melanoma. She had a few operations but fortunately she recovered."The campaign is great because not only is it raising money, it is raising awareness in schools, making it a very worthwhile cause."The appeal was set up in February by Colin, after his skin cancer, stage four melanoma, spread to vital organs.He still continues to work as much as possible while he undergoes treatment.The campaign is aiming to reach £75,000 to provide 200 Derbyshire schools with information and sun cream dispensers to help protect and inform primary-age pupils about the dangers of UV radiation from the sun.So far, more than £50,200 has been raised and more than 70 schools have signed up to become Sun Safe Schools.An Evening with Davro and Greavsie will take place at the 3aaa Pavilion at Derbyshire County Cricket Club on Thursday, April 23.Tickets cost £30. To buy, call 07973 27 22 20 or book online via www.capitalmevents.co.uk* Read more of today's top news stories here. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter
The types of cookies we, our ad network and technology partners use are listed below:A tool used by some of our advertisers to target adverts to you based on pages you have visited in the past. To opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here.Our sites contain advertising from Google; these use cookies to ensure you get adverts relevant to you. You can tailor the type of ads you receive by visiting here or to opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here.This is used to help us identify unique visitors to our websites. This data is anonymous and we cannot use this to uniquely identify individuals and their usage of the sites.This comes from our ad serving technology and is used to track how many times you have seen a particular ad on our sites, so that you don't just see one advert but an even spread. This information is not used by us for any other type of audience recording or monitoring.Our partner for Newspaper subscriptions online stores data from the forms you complete in these to increase the usability of the site and enhance user experience.Add This provides the social networking widget found in many of our pages. This widget gives you the tools to bookmark our websites, blog, share, tweet and email our content to a friend.We use Advertising agencies to provide us with some of the advertising on our websites. These include (but are not limited to) Specific Media, The Rubicon Project, AdJug, AdConion, Context Web. Please click on the provider name to visit their opt-out page.
TICKETS are still available to see a comedic production in the city.Key For Two opens at the Stoke Repertory Theatre on Tuesday, April 14 and runs until Saturday, April 18.It tells of the quick-witted Harriet, played by Shelley Anne Rivers, who juggles two lovers at a time.Neither Gordon - portrayed by Richard Morrey - or Alec (Simon Bland) know about each other - until the arrival of Harriet's old friend Anne, played by Julie Mellor.Key For Two director Steve Beattie said: "The cast have worked impeccably hard these last few weeks to deliver this."The humour throughout is situational and physical, but there's plenty of innuendo - typical of the Carry On films - so we know what's implied."Performances start at 7.30pm, with an additional matinee on Saturday at 2.30pm.To book your ticket, contact 01782 209784 or ring Music Mania on 01782 206000.
Relentless rain caused major disruption to events across Sydney and the state over the long Easter weekend wiping out racing, affecting crowds at the Easter Show and numerous other holiday festivities. Forecasters said 25 mm of rain had fallen by early Saturday afternoon placing it well ahead of some of the worst averages for the whole of Easter.The first day of The Championships at Royal Randwick was postponed until Monday, costing the industry more than $1 million. It was the first postponement of a Doncaster Mile in its 150-year history. But forecasters say the weather may not be much better then with another front possibly bringing heavy rain and thunderstorms on its way.But perhaps no one person has been more affected than Australian jockey Corey Brown who will make four flights between Sydney and Singapore in as many nights to contest two races.After his fruitless arrival in Sydney on Saturday, Brown was due to board a flight on Saturday night to ride at Kanji on Sunday. He will then dash back to Sydney in time for the postponed Championships , but not before an 11th hour sauna session to shed the last bit of weight.The going on the course was described as "heavy" but there were further concerns about visibility and the safety of racing in misty rain and with mud thrown up by the horses.Brett de Vine, spokesman for the Australian Turf Club said the postponement presented some problems for catering. Hospitality at 'Little Sydney' was to take centre stage with leading venues, China Doll, Chiswick, Icebergs and Gazebo providing fine dining for racegoers."There is a big difference between it being called off until Monday and being abandoned," he said. "That should help in terms of it not being a total write-off. In terms of betting nobody is going to lose any money at all. They will either get a refund or their bets will stand."Models Jennifer Hawkins and Kris Smith found their services were no longer required and Myer, sponsors of fashion stakes at the meeting said it had chosen not to participate in the rescheduled race day on Monday but would be back on track for next Saturday's Championships Day 2.At the Easter Show, chief operating officer Michael Collins said some 80 per cent of attractions now take place under cover. The showjumping was cancelled for safety reasons but the rodeo was expected to take place he said."Of course it is going to cost money as Mum and Dad say: 'Let's just stay at home'. But in the wet weather people go into the pavilions. The number one attraction at the Easter Show is the animals and judging  and that will be even more popular along with showbags and shopping."People have got their hats on and their Driza-Bones and their ponchos. The Driza-Bone stand will be doing well as well as those selling umbrellas."Open air cinema wasn't a good business to be in."Please be advised that tonight's session (Fifty Shades of Grey on Saturday) has been cancelled due to bad weather" was posted on the website of the Sydney Open-Air Cinema at Castle Hill which launched its program last week. It's perhaps not surprising it decided to pull the plug. It's hard to feel amorous when the seat of your denims are damp and with rain dripping down your décolletage.Organisers said outdoor screenings can go on with intermittent rain but constant precipitation poses a safety risk and screenings are cancelled and patrons asked to re-book another session."Not going ahead is a saving in the movie rights but there is the loss of potential beverage and food sales," said spokeswoman Rachel Cameron.The main beneficiary of the rain is expected to be conventional cinemas.Stephen Howard, spokesman for Event Cinemas, said it was a combination of weather and quality of films that drove audiences."Furious 7 launched on Thursday and it is the second week of Cinderella and we are already getting some really good feedback," he said."I am confident it will have been a bumper weekend for Event cinemas – bad weather and great productions equals good attendance."
The Australian men's water polo team have beaten the USA 17-16 in an extra-time penalty shootout in the semi-finals of the FINA World League Intercontinental tournament in California to advance to the gold medal playoff.The US earned seven turnovers in Friday night's first half, while the Aussie Sharks earned six as 16 goals were scored between the two sides during that period.While it had been a goalscoring frenzy in the first half, both teams stepped up a level defensively in the second.Australian goalkeeper James Stanton-French said his team had been prepared for a tough game against the US and maintained top form throughout."We always knew coming into the game that it would be a physical encounter and that the USA wouldn't give up, no matter what the score," Stanton-French said."I think our belief in our game plan and our composure under pressure were the keys to victory. The guys never stopped aggressively pushing the attack and they defended hard right to the last second, even in difficult circumstances."We're looking forward to the challenge against Brazil for the gold medal tomorrow and another chance to play our best game of the tournament."The US led 4-3 at the first break, before the teams went to halftime locked at 7-7.The Americans again edged ahead 9-8 at the final change, and the Aussie Sharks had a three-goal advantage with two minutes remaining, but a desperate USA side managed to peg back the gap to send the game to penalties.For the second time in as many FINA events, Australia and the USA were pitted against each other in a high-intensity shootout, however this time it was the Aussies who prevailed courtesy of four successful shots, with the standout performer again being Stanton-French, who saved two of the Americans' attempts.Sharks coach Elvis Fatovic expressed his pleasure with the victory, before taking the time to look ahead to the decider against Brazil."It was a good win for the boys. Last year, we lost a penalty shootout to the USA at the FINA World Cup but, tonight, we played a strong 'team' game and I am happy with the performance. The game was played in difficult circumstances, and the team fought hard," Fatovic said."We will play the Brazilians tomorrow and we want to finish the job. They are very strong and have an excellent player in Perrone. We know their strengths and hopefully can play the same 'team' game again."Australia beat Brazil 13-10 in their first group game of the event, with their gold medal match to begin on Sunday at (7.30am EST).Just be reaching the semi-final against the US, Australia ensured qualification for the FINA World League Super Final from June 23-28 at Bergamo in Italy.
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), has suspended the Anambra State Federation Cup final, until the leadership crisis in the state is resolved.This development comes few days after the NFF directed all the 36 Football Associations, to play the final of their Federation Cup this weekend, so it does not disrupt the calender for the year.“We have had to take the decision to suspend the finale of the Federation Cup competition in Anambra State as a result of the leadership crisis in that State,” NFF General Secretary, Dr. Mohammed Sanusi, said on Friday.“The programme will remain suspended until the matter is resolved. The chairman of the NFF States’ Elections Monitoring Committee and the Chairman of FA Chairmen, Alhaji Ibrahim Gusau, will travel to Anambra State to sit down with the two contending parties and resolve the logjam.”There is a tug of war in Anambra, over the office of the NFF vice president.Mike Umeh continues to insist he has been re-elected, while Barrister Jude Obikwelu maintains that Umeh has been voted out. .
Australia's greatest left-arm fast bowler Alan Davidson was adamant Mitchell Starc, who was named the best player of the recent World Cup, could be as damaging at Test level if he could get his head around one simple fact.Davidson, 85, took 186 Test wickets in his 44 Tests between 1953 and 1963, and was described by Cricket NSW chief executive Andrew Jones at Thursday's Steve Waugh Medal ceremony as being "Mitchell Starc before Mitchell Starc was Mitchell Starc". He also has monitored Starc's progress since he joined the Western Suburbs club as a teenager with aspirations to become a wicketkeeper.While he celebrated Starc's being named the world's No.1 one-day bowler after his 22 wicket haul at 10.18 during Australia's World Cup triumph, Davidson said he would be unstoppable at Test level once he appreciated there was no difference between a white and red ball."Mitchell is learning line and strength is everything and he's also bowling full," said Davidson. "People ask what's he need to do to take his one-day form into the Test format and my answer is nothing, really. The ball is just a different colour."I know he prefers to bowl with a white ball, but I've said to Mitchell on numerous occasions it's the same size, the same weight; it's only a different coat of paint. He's a bowler who is six feet six [1.97m], he has a nice rhythm, a good action so there's no reason why he can't continue."Davidson said Starc's Test performances would benefit from regular selection in Michael Clarke's team. He has been in and out of the Test team and while ranked Test cricket's No.31 bowler Davidson drew on his own experiences to explain why Starc needed a chance."We haven't seen the best of him, he's a work in progression," he said. "I go back to my own career, I played in 13 Tests from 1953-57 where I was in and out and you don't know where you stand, but all of a sudden you get the new ball, you're not bowling at No.3, 4 or 5 and things change."It's important to know you're there because you should be. The confidence he'd get from the new ball would give him a lift. Mitchell has shown the consistency [in the shorter-form] to suggest he'll be as important, and good, for Australia in Tests."Nathan Bracken, regarded as the world's best one-day bowler before he retired in 2010, said his own career of 116 one-day internationals compared with five Tests, indicated for one reason or another some bowlers are not seen to take their form from one format over to the other."I think it's the way the game is structured," Bracken said. "In one-dayers there's certain type of batsmen who are more aggressive at times and they'll play more shots and there's times when, as a bowler, you'll be more aggressive and you either bowl to contain or get wickets."In Test cricket the batsmen are more aware you're trying to bowl that one-off, wicket-taking ball that Mitchell Starc is definitely capable of."In one-day cricket the batsmen tend to change the strike over, so they're looking to be more aggressive, they come forward, hit balls into gaps, whereas in Test cricket they'll sit on you and be patient."Bracken agreed with Davidson's assertion that Starc possessed the tools, the temperament and skills to be a force in the Test arena."Of course he can," said Bracken. "But I think it is important Mitch gets opportunities. The great thing is he's doing what he is at 25 so that means he has time for the selectors to give him a chance to prove himself and establish himself at Test level."
Preview of Hull Stingrays v Sheffield Steelers (Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, 1pm) in the Elite Ice Hockey League play-off semi-final. Scroll down for the views of Cathy Wigham and Omar Pacha.DOMINIC Osman insists he's fully focused on today's semi-final date with Sheffield Steelers and not the prize at stake – a place in tomorrow's Elite League play-off final.At 33, he is Hull Stingrays' oldest player and is nicknamed "pops", the only survivor from the club's 2012 semi-final with Nottingham."I have not really even thought about the final yet," said Osman."I'm just trying to let things sink in and focus on the task in hand, which is Sheffield."It will mean a lot if we get to the final, especially for the diehards who have supported the team here through thick and thin."We want to do it for them, and for ourselves. I just think the guys deserve it."Obviously you want to get to the final, it will mean the world, but we should not look too far ahead, because Sheffield are a good hockey team we have to hurdle."Steelers as champions, top seeds and with a big budget start the hottest of favourites.The Rapid Solicitors Stingrays won't be given a prayer, despite beating league runners-up and second seeds Braehead 5-4 on aggregate in the quarter-finals.For Osman, though, losing today is not on his agenda."I will not talk about it, I don't even want to think about that," said the American."There's no reason to think about defeat, the only thing you have to think about in this situation is winning."I've never heard of anyone in the NHL preparing to lose when they're going into game seven in the Stanley Cup."When we beat Sheffield in the play-off quarter-finals in 2012 we hadn't beaten them all year, we hadn't even got close. It's two games between us and winning the trophy, that's all it is."Osman will be anxious to avoid a repeat of 2012, when the optimism generated by the unexpected quarter-final win over the Steelers was replaced by a sinking feeling after a 10-3 battering by the Panthers.With Matty Davies – the only other player still at the club – sidelined by injury, Osman is the sole one to have memories of that day three years ago."It went so quickly I don't know if I really got to take it all in and enjoy it as much as I should have done," he said."It was a shock to reach the semi-finals in 2012, but this season we knew we could do something special."You can't take anything away from those guys in 2012, they were all great guys, really good hockey players, so to compare it with last time is difficult."Last time we were in an unfortunate situation as we had no ice in Hull that week, so our preparation will be better this time."In it to win it has been the theme for Stingrays this week, as the underdogs try for one more shock result to take them into the final against Coventry or Belfast.Osman remains confident of succeeding: "We've worked hard all year and gone through adversity."I'm happy for each and every one of the guys."They deserved it more than anything."I don't know if they really realise what the weekend will bring."For me I have been there, it's a really special weekend."Cathy Wigham: Can Stingrays defy the odds again?JUST when you thought Stingrays were riding the crest of a wave along came another big breaker to knock them backwards – Jordan Knox quitting due to a prior engagement at his brother's wedding.Omar Pacha might say publicly "there's no hard feelings" about the exit, but there's undeniably a sense of disappointment.After squeezing home 5-4 on aggregate against Braehead Clan to book their semi-final place, Stingrays were sailing into Nottingham and a date with Sheffield Steelers today.Having safely shepherded Yan Turcotte and Zach Hervato back into the line-up after injuries last weekend, and keeping their fingers crossed for Cory Tanaka this weekend, Knox going home was the last thing they needed.He'd not proved a deadly sniper, but had proved skilful and committed and will be missed.However, it's not the first time players have quit unexpectedly.Stingrays have battled on and will surely do so again.Outside the team dressing room, few will give them any chance.Three years ago Stingrays were in a similar position, having beaten Sheffield to book their place in the semi-finals. They came unstuck, pasted 10-3 by Nottingham.It was as though Stingrays had gate-crashed the wrong party.As then coach Sylvain Cloutier lamented at the time, "it was men against boys out there."Maybe it's wishful thinking, but Stingrays 2015 look far better equipped this time around.They don't have the biggest squad numbers-wise or skill-wise, but they do have heart and bottle.They don't know when to quit, but they'll need everything, including the kitchen sink, to throw at the Steelers. Even then, if Steelers hit top form, it will be curtains and Stingrays will be contesting tomorrow's third and fourth place play-off against either Coventry or Belfast.But if Steelers don't produce their best, then they'll find a never-say-die Stingrays snapping at their heels for the full 60 minutes, then overtime and penalty shots if necessary.BY beating Braehead we've accomplished one of our goals – reaching the play-off semi-finals.But another is to not go to Nottingham for fun, and simply be there and enjoy the moment, we are going there to win.Our goal now is to win tomorrow's final and it starts today against Sheffield.They finished top of the table and are a good hockey team, but we faced a good side in the quarter-finals in Braehead and beat them.If we play to our strengths and play smart hockey we will give ourselves a good chance to win. We play well in Nottingham, it suits our playing style.It's the first game of the weekend and we are usually mentally strong.We might be short of bodies again, but we know we only have a maximum of two games left.It's about leaving it all on the ice and working hard, it's a good situation to be in, for sure.Maybe we're the underdogs from the outside, but we don't mind.Sheffield have all the pressure in the world on them, they have to win it. We need to have the same mindset as last weekend, it's one game, winner-takes-all.We've played Sheffield a few times this year, and they have won every single time, but Clan had won our series during the year and we still beat them.It would be nice to create a fairytale this weekend.
HULL City boss Steve Bruce wants to equal last season's points total to ensure the KC Stadium plays host to Premier League football for a third season in a row.On their return to the top flight under Bruce last term, the Tigers finished 16th on 37 points, a club-record tally that ensured survival was assured at a canter on the penultimate weekend.Another nine points will be needed from the remaining eight games to match those achievements, but it would again put City in a strong position to avoid the drop.Today's trip to Swansea presents the first chance to move closer to the survival target and Bruce wants to see an encouraging run of form extend through the run-in."We've started to pick up a few points when they were needed. Over the next eight we need more of the same; to win a couple, draw two or three and I would think that would be enough," he said. "The way we're playing at the minute I believe we're capable of getting the points. I really do."On last year's total, Bruce said: "I'd take that right now. Another nine points? All day long."Last year we always won at the right time. We were never in any real trouble."Before our last game (against Chelsea 13 days ago) there was eight teams in the fight, now there's six. We would be naive to think we weren't going to be one of those eight."There's been the same group of teams separated by a few points all season. All of a sudden you think you're out of it and then you're not. We just have to keep accumulating the points."The international break afforded Bruce the chance to take stock ahead of the finale that will shape City's season.A three-point gap separating the Tigers from the bottom three, a position further strengthened by a superior goal difference, provides breathing space for now, but defeat at Swansea would leave City vulnerable."Of course you break down things and there's no denying we've got a tough run-in," admitted Bruce, whose side also must face Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United."But at the moment it doesn't matter who you play, you've got to accumulate the points. I've always said that."I really don't know how many points it will take. Thirty four was enough last year? Will two wins be enough for us?"Our performances of late have been good. We're disappointed we haven't taken anything from Chelsea (when losing 3-2) and we should have beaten Sunderland (a 1-1 draw), but we've kept accumulating points and shown some good form over the last seven games."It was on the opening weekend of last April, in fact, that City effectively sealed safety with a 1-0 win over Swansea at the KC. That result took City up to 36 points, a total not matched by any side in the bottom three. That was the perfect tonic ahead of the FA Cup semi-final win over Sheffield United eight days later, but there is a very different focus this time around.Bruce added: "This time last year we were all talking about the FA Cup semi-final coming up. We beat Swansea and that took us to 36 points. No matter how I tried to focus people for those last six games we were away at Wembley. Everyone we spoke to."I don't think we've got that distraction this year but I've seen a resilience and a determination that they want to stay here, to be in the Premier League. I'm sure we can do it. If we can keep that level of performance (against Chelsea) then we'll be fine."
HULL KR prop Mitch Allgood admits having Terry Campese extend his stay at Rovers is great news for him and the rest of the team as they look to build on Thursday's derby win.The victory over Hull FC was the first time this season Rovers had won back-to-back games as they opened up a four-point gap on their bitter rivals.Allgood played his part in Rovers' 15th derby win in the Super League era with purposeful running with the ball in hand and was a force in defence too with 31 tackles.But it was Campese who stole the show for the red and whites with an assured performance.Rovers fans can now look forward to another two seasons of Campese's craft and guile after he agreed a new deal at the KC Lightstream Stadium.And Allgood is delighted to have his good friend extend his stay at the club, believing his presence will help Rovers achieve success."Terry is a good friend of mine and it's great he is staying here for another couple of seasons," Allgood told the Mail."There is a feeling within this group of players that we are building towards something special here at this club."Each week we gel more and we are really excited for the rest of season."It's great to have Terry stay on here for longer because he is a key player for us."Allgood is delighted the hard work they have been putting in on the training pitch is being rewarded with wins.Thursday's 20-6 victory over Hull opened up a four-point gap on their neighbours after eight rounds and the prop is keen to make sure Rovers back it up with a win over Huddersfield at the KC Lightstream Stadium.Playing twice in five days is something Allgood is looking forward to, especially after sitting out the previous two matches against Widnes and St Helens because of suspension."Each week we approach games wanting to win," Allgood said."Every win takes us further up the table. I'm up for playing two games in five days."The first game is always a bit of a blow for the lungs. It helped that after two weeks on the sidelines it was the derby."Feeling the pressure always helps bring the best out of me."Allgood was pleased with his side's performance at the KC Stadium knowing there is plenty to build on for Monday's match."There is so much we can take out of the derby performance against Hull, especially from the second half," Allgood said.
POLICE insist they are coming down hard on drug dealers following the discovery of a £250,000 cannabis factory at a terraced home in west Hull.Sensors on Humberside Police's helicopter Oscar 99 picked up unusual heat signals in Lambert Street during a routine flight over the city.When officers raided the home, they found cannabis plants inside every room at the property. A man found inside the home was arrested.The discovery came less than a week after Oscar 99 identified another west Hull drug den in Renfrew Street. Officers found £15,000 of cannabis and a "significant quantity" of amphetamine inside the property.Three men were arrested before being released on police bail until a date in May.Sergeant Matt Jarvis, of the West and Wyke neighbourhood policing team at Humberside Police, said: "Drug cultivation and drug dealing are two very serious offences that we are determined to reduce."The first discovery we made was a significant one. We came across 55 cannabis plants at various stages of development and three men were quickly arrested."It was a terraced house and one that was clearly being used to cultivate drugs. As well as the cannabis, there was a significant quantity of amphetamine."The second discovery, just four days later, was even more significant."Again acting on information from the police helicopter, we raided a home in Lambert Street."We had previously received a report from a resident in the area, complaining of a slight smell in the air. We are fairly sure this house was being used purely to make cannabis because every room was full of plants – from floor to ceiling."A man was arrested before being released on police bail until a date in May.Police are now appealing for members of the public to come forward with any information relating to drugs in the city.Sgt Jarvis said: "If people are found to be supplying or dealing drugs, the punishment is likely to be tough."Supplying drugs does not just apply to dealers. If police suspect that you intend to share drugs with your friends, this is still considered to be supplying."The message we want to get out there is that we will act on any intelligence given to us."We are determined to get drugs off the streets because they are a danger to people."Anyone with information should call Humberside Police on 101. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.• Follow us on Facebook and Twitter
FOR the people of Hull it is a comfort food that can only be found at home. But the much-loved pattie is being revolutionised thanks to a city centre restaurant owner and his refined palate.Steve Adair, 48, who owns J's Fish Bar in King Edward Street, will launch his own gourmet pattie range, bringing with it an array of flavours to spice up the deep-fried potato dish."Italy has done it with the pizza," said Mr Adair, who opened the restaurant six months ago."Why can't Hull do it with the pattie?"I can't believe it hasn't been done before."Takeaway lovers can choose from nine different flavours, each dreamt up by Mr Adair and sampled by his family for approval.They will range from the more traditional ingredients of a Full English – pancetta bacon, hot dog sausage, mushrooms and beans – to the exotic Chilli Prawn – fresh prawns, chopped onions, jalepeno peppers and chillies.Mr Adair, who has invested £100,000 into his homage to Hull's fishing industry-themed restaurant, thought up the idea while lying in bed.And he believes if they take off they could prove a welcoming dish for visitors during Hull's year as UK City of Culture 2017.Each one still uses the same famous pattie potato base but has a layer of filling that is added and deep-fried.They will come served with chips or salad, peas, beans, gravy or curry, bread and butter and a cup of tea or coffee."It was 2am, the time when I do all my thinking, and I just thought, 'Why hasn't anyone clicked onto this?'" said Mr Adair."I have two favourites, the cream cheese and chive and the Philli Salmon but everyone's tastes are different."I really do think they could become very famous."He invited his family around for a tasting session and cooked about 80 patties for them to sample, followed by a questionnaire.Eventually he came up with the winning combinations and is preparing to put them on sale in the near future.He said: "We are the UK City of Culture and the theme of my restaurant is the nautical history of Hull. I wanted to lead the way in showing our foreign visitors what we are all about."I know it is going to take time for them to be established, and I am not saying it will be as big as McDonalds or Harry Ramsden's, but once they are, I know they will work fantastically."• More food news in our new entertainment section
TWO young girls have been targeted by the same "sexual predator" on Facebook.Emily Green, 13, and Abbie Conman, 12, were each sent explicit messages by a boy claiming to be 17 years old and called Tom.When Emily told him to stop contacting her, he threatened to post indecent photographs on her Facebook profile claiming they were her.Neither girl knew each other and both told the stranger their age.Despite this, Humberside Police says it is not investigating the messages because "no crime has been committed". Instead, officers advised the girls' parents on how to "prevent it happening in future".Emily's mum Kerry Green, 33, of North Newbald, believes the person behind the profile is older than 17 and feels sick at the thought of him "grooming" her daughter."It is disgusting," she said."He is still out there, lurking."The fact he has done this to two girls in the same area, who don't know each other, is quite disturbing."The first message sent to Emily, a pupil at South Hunsley School, said: "Hello was a random add hope you don't mind I'm 17 can send you a pic of me now, how old are you little cutie just say if I'm too old xxx."He then told her she was "really good looking" and asked if she was a "naughty girl".When the girl replied saying he was "creeping her out", he said it was "only a bit of naughty fun".The boy later threatened to post explicit pictures on her Facebook profile and tell people they were her.He added: "If you block or delete me or tell anyone about this chat I will do it worse OK? Going to be nice?"It appears the boy has added numerous girls from Hull, all of whom appear to be between 12 and 13 years old.Both girls accepted his friend request because Facebook showed they had mutual friends with him.Emily told her mum about the messages after receiving them.The boy's account was shut down when Mrs Green logged on to her daughter's profile and told him she was calling the police.She saved screen shots of the messages and posted them on Facebook as a warning to other parents.Eventually, it was seen by Abbie's mum Lesley Conman.Mrs Conman, 34, of Stromness Way, east Hull, got in touch with Mrs Green and saw the messages sent to their daughters were almost identical.She said a school friend of her daughter had also received messages from him while on her lunch break at Winifred Holtby Academy in Bransholme."I was fuming," she said."She is my baby girl and she is quite naive. She didn't even know what the messages meant."I explained it to her and she was scared."She said, 'What if he's seen which school I go to, he'll know where I live'.Mrs Conman informed staff at Winifred Holtby and an assembly was held to warn all pupils.Now, the parents want children to think twice about who they add on Facebook."I am so proud of my daughter for doing the right thing but I know a lot of young girls would fall for it," said Mrs Green."It is too easy for these people to get to them."Emily knows she is not supposed to have friends on Facebook who she doesn't speak to and I do monitor her but all kids do it, unfortunately."But ultimately, they are the innocent parties in this and they need to be protected from these people who are preying on potentially vulnerable people."Humberside Police said because the person had not met either girl, no crime had been committed.A force spokesman said: "Unfortunately, there are people out there that do want to engage with people who are younger than themselves."Young people can help themselves by not engaging with them. Parents have a role to play in it, children have a role to play in it and we have a role to play in it once a crime has been committed."We are aware of Mrs Green's complaint and we have taken it seriously and given her advice as to how to prevent this happening in the future."• Follow us on Facebook and Twitter
The overall scheme - originally announced in 2009 - has been delayed several times but is now due to be up and running by early 2017.An application for permission to connect up the local rail and Supertram networks has now been submitted to the Secretary of State for Transport.The £1.8m work will see 150m of new track built in the Tinsley area, along with overlead line equipment being installed to power the tram-trains.If given the go-ahead, this section of work is expected to be completed by the end of next year - with services due to start running on the line shortly afterwards.Andrew Penny, area director for Network Rail, said: “This is an exciting stage of the project as we apply for permission to link the tram and rail network and turn years of meticulous planning into Britain’s first operational Tram Train service.”The project will provide a direct service between Sheffield city centre, Rotherham Central train station and Parkgate retail park.The Stagecoach-operated scheme is intended to allow specialist vehicles to use the existing Supertram route between Cathedral and Meadowhall South and then move onto the rail network via the new track to Parkgate.The partners in the Tram Train project are Network Rail, Department for Transport, Northern Rail, South Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive and Stagecoach Supertram.It is intended three Tram Train services will run each hour.The pilot will run for an initial two years and the scheme become permanent after that. It is expected to create 35 new jobs.Members of the public have until April 28 to comment on the application for the preliminary stage of work.
ROADWORKS at one of Hull's busiest junctions are set to be completed within the next two weeks.Improvements to the junction linking Beverley Road and Ferensway with Spring Bank and Freetown Way started on January 19.Although contractors have deliberately avoided working at the site during peak morning and evening rush-hour times, motorists have complained about long queues during the day.However, the end is in sight with the city council confirming that the work is due to be comp- leted within its original 12-week schedule.That means the new-look junction should be clear of cones and barriers by the end of next week.• Larger traffic islands to make it easier for pedestrians to cross.• The installation of new wheelchair-friendly crossing points at the same level as the road.• New tactile paving to help make it easier for visually-impaired people to use the crossing.• The renewal of 20-year-old traffic signals and underground electrical equipment.• New yellow box markings on the junction itself.• Repairs to the surface of all the main approach roads.Contractors have also now started narrowing the footpath adjacent to Britannia House and the nearby pedestrian island.This will mean the left-hand slip lane, leading from Ferensway onto Spring Bank, will be closed to traffic from 9.30am to 3.30pm for the next two weeks.Buses affected by this phase of the works between these times will use an alternative route from the rear exit of Paragon Interchange onto Park Street, before continuing up Spring Bank.Graham Hall, the city council's assistant transport and asset management manager, said any short-term pain for motorists currently getting caught up in the extra congestion would be worth it in the long-term."It is important that crossings are made accessible for all and worn out road surfaces are replaced," he said."This work will significantly improve the junction for pedestrians and motorists."We acknowledge the work has meant delays for motorists and we do apologise for any inconvenience this may have caused. but the end result will be beneficial for all."
HULL FC must start to pay back the investment made in the club by owner Adam Pearson or suffer a fight for Super League survival, says coach Lee Radford.Reflecting on a 20-6 derby defeat against Hull KR that leaves his side lying 11th in Super League, Radford concedes his team have to start showing an immediate improvement.Pointing to the mental toughness which he believes cost Hull a derby victory on Thursday, the under-pressure coach says improvements must be made to justify the investment made in all aspects of the club by Pearson."The owner has put his hand in the pocket in all departments and we have to see that start to transfer onto the pitch," said Radford. "If we don't we will miss out on the top eight and that is not good enough for me, the owner or anyone at this club."A sixth loss this season leaves FC in an unexpected position and with Radford coming under increased pressure from some disgruntled fans."Pressure is always here in this role," added Radford."Trust me, I will work tirelessly to change one or two mind-sets in the group, and put some more pressure onto the senior blokes so that filters down, that is an absolute must for us."
Plans by Mr Liam McCullough for lands to the rear of 130 Main Street attracted one letter of objection and one petition of objection.The plan was to change a storage shed into a small animal branch veterinary clinic for an existing vet’s practice.Planners refused the scheme because it would have a “detrimental impact on the visual amenity of Bushmills Conservation Area and the setting of Listed Buildings”.Addressing last Monday’s meeting of Moyle District Council, a Planning representative told members that the objections were based on noise, smell, access and car parking.Cllr David McAllister asked for an office meeting and told members that the scheme was for a small vet’s branch which would not be dealing with animals such as horses or cows.It was agreed to hold an office meeting to discuss the matter and also a related application for an advertisement sign for the business.
If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page.
The decision of training combination Jamie Edwards and Bruce Elkington to lower their sights paid dividends, with Sertorius enjoying a drop in grade to outstay his rivals and win the group 3 Easter Cup (2000 metres)."We thought he was at his prime in the autumn last year and he ran second third and fourth in group ones, but he was always a length or two off them," Edwards said.With his regular jockey Ryan Maloney suspended, Noel Callow took over the reins and the seven-year-old needed every bit of the jockey's renowned strength to get Sertorius over the line first at Caulfield on Saturday."He didn't begin as well as I wanted so we ended up a pair further back than I planned," Callow said. "He's a dead set stayer this horse he just keeps keeping on."After making a long run from the 1000m, Sertorius had to dig deep over the final stages before overhauling Escado ($6) to win by a neck.The Cleaner failed to show his usual fighting qualities and after being caught at the top of the straight only plugged away to finish fifth.Phillip Stokes has a great record of success when he sends horses to Melbourne and the Adelaide trainer got the money with Caro Kann in more ways than one again in the opening race, the Robert Taranto Handicap (1100m).In a field dominated by first starters, Caro Kann was heavily supported from $11 into $6 before drifting slightly to start at $7 and those punters who supported him had few worries through the race.Patrick Moloney sent Caro Kann forward from a wide barrier and after not working too hard to find the lead, kicked clear on straightening, to win by 2¼ lengths from Lizard Island ($10).Moloney brought up a winning double on Magicool who returned to his best form in the Bert Bryant Handicap (2000m), after his trainer Mark Kavanagh elected to take blinkers off the son of Fastnet Rock, who had won at listed level last spring but had been racing below his best so far in the autumn."You just need to get inside these horse's heads and see what they need and we got it right today and I think he can go on to better things from here," Kavanagh said.Kavanagh said that given the wet weather along the east coast of the country, Magicool is likely to head towards the group 3 Chairman's Stakes (2000m) at Morphettville in three weeks, on the way to the $500,000 South Australian Derby (2500m) on May 9.Another horse headed towards Adelaide is promising sprinter Husson Eagle, who resumed with a most impressive win in the Bill Collins Handicap (1000m).From the outside gate, Steve Arnold was forced to settle at the rear and as they straightened for home, they were still last, but Husson Eagle unleashed a strong burst of speed to reel in Good Offa ($15) and win by a half length.Husson Eagle had always shown good ability and ran fifth in the group 1 Coolmore Stud Stakes at Flemington in the spring, but managing owner Joe O'Neill is adamant that he will fulfil his undoubted potential now he has been gelded."He's a serious sprinter this horse," O'Neill said. "If you go back through his form, he's raced against the best."We decided to cut him - his manners weren't the best - give him a break, bring him back now."O'Neill said Husson Eagle was likely to have only one further start this campaign - in the $250,000 group 2 Euclase Stakes (1200m) in Adelaide in five weeks - before being aimed at major sprints in the spring.A gelding operation might also be the key to why former boom horse Prince Harada was able to produce something like his best to score a narrow fist up win in TheShark.com.au Handicap for his new trainer Danny O'Brien.James Winks had Prince Harada ($2.80 favourite) nicely placed just in behind the speed before working home resolutely to grab Boomwa ($4.60) in the last bound.Racing Victoria stewards ordered the withdrawal of the Brendan McCarthy-trained Zedi Knight from the TheShark.com.au Handicap and opened an inquiry into possible raceday treatment after receiving a report from the compliance assurance team that the gelding had a puncture wound on his neck consistent with receiving an injection on race morning.At Oakbank in South Australia, leading jumps trainer Eric Musgrove improved his already outstanding record in the Von Doussa Steeplechase, with $2.50 favourite Thubiaan, ridden by Martin Kelly, giving him his 13th win in the race.
Edith Smith (right) will be celebrating her 106th birthday on Easter Sunday at Lammas House Residential Care Home. The centenarian could be Coventry's oldest living resident. Here Edith is with her carer Sandy Stokes.One of Coventry’s oldest residents is set to celebrate her 106th Birthday on Easter Sunday with a gin and tonic and the company of her family.Born in Bradford in 1909, Edith Smith came to Coventry with her first husband Harry and moved into a house on South Bank Road in Coundon.The centenarian vividly remembers living through both World Wars.She recalled hiding under the dining room table with her son Roger during air raids.When asked about her secret to living a long life, Edith said: “My secret is to love life and be happy.“Working hard and looking after my family – and a few gin and tonics along the way.”Edith, who currently lives at Lammas House Residential Care Home on Lammas Road, Coundon, will be celebrating her birthday on Friday April 3 alongside grandsons, James and John, and great-granddaughter, Freya.
The Harris Tweed Company-Grosebay has taken Unit 1 and will run a mail-order operation from the premises. Fiskmann Limited from London has taken Unit 2 to manufacture a cured salmon product. The picture shows the tenants with staff, directors and the chair of The North Harris Trust and its subsidiary North Harris Trading Company.The units were built by local company Lewis BuildersDuncan MacKay & Sons spend nearly three months preparing the site – over 1000m3 of rock was removed from site.The project was funded by Big Lottery, HIE and CnES on the basis that new jobs are created and there has been a lot of local interest due to the lack of available space in Tarbert.The final unit is being marketed to attract a business into the community from the mainland – one of the funding criteria
The arrival of V&A Dundee could provide a knock-on tourism boom for its Fife neighbours, according to VisitScotland.Manuela Calchini, the body’s regional partnership director made the comment as a national touring exhibition pulled up in Kirkcaldy Museum and Art Gallery this week.The 17-week Design in Motion tour, a collaboration with the Travelling Gallery, aims to inspire people of all ages about the role design places in Scotland’s cultural identity.The tour will visit more than 70 venues across Scotland and future locations include cities such as Glasgow and Aberdeen, as well as rural locations across the Highlands and Islands, including Lewis, Harris and Skye. Venues range from secondary schools and art colleges to museums, community centres and libraries.Ms Calchini said: “V&A Dundee will be a vital addition to the Tayside and Fife tourism offering. It will undoubtedly attract more visitors to this fantastic part of Scotland.“The arrival of such a world-class attraction, particularly as we move towards the Year of Innovation, Architecture and Design, is a fantastic opportunity for tourism businesses in the Kingdom.“This is the chance for them to hone, develop and perfect their products so that when visitors flock to V&A Dundee they are compelled to extend their trip and explore the vast array of events, activities and attractions that Fife offers.“Tourism is at the heart of Fife’s economy, sustaining communities and creating jobs. With a fantastic mix of history and heritage, not to mention a renowned natural larder and of course the home of golf at St Andrews, the Kingdom of Fife is the ideal location to visit and do business.”The most recent visitor figures show that in 2013 more than 646,000 trips were made to Fife, with the Kirkcaldy Museum & Art Gallery alone attracting over 107,000 visits.Work is underway on the £80.1m V&A Dundee which is expected to open in June 2018 at the city’s waterfront.
Phil Mickelson was one stroke behind leader Andrew Putnam after the second round of the Houston Open.The three-time Masters champion carded seven birdies in a five-under-par 67 that left him tied for second with fellow American Austin Cook.Compatriot Putnam, 26, went round in 65 to take the lead on 12 under in Humble, Texas.Englishmen Kelvin Day, Paul Casey and Justin Rose are tied for 18th, five shots behind Putnam.Mickelson, who won the event in 2011, will compete in the Masters at Augusta - the first major of the year - starting on 9 April.Putnam, who has not won on the PGA Tour, made a solid start before six birdies in his last seven holes saw him claim the lead from Mickelson and Cook."It's been a little bit of a struggle recently," Putnam said. "I've been working hard to get back and working on my swing."Mickelson, 44, who began the round in fourth, said: "My short game has been sharp this week."I've hit some good pitches. The putter does feel a lot better. I'm excited about this weekend."
A spectacular green and pink Aurora Australis has danced across the night sky near Tekapo.Images of the breath taking display were captured on Saturday night by Maki Yanagimachi, a photographer at Earth and Sky, the education centre linked to Mt John University Observatory."It's always a blast getting to shoot the southern lights regardless of how intense they may be. Nights like these make me feel very thankful that my grandfather got me into photography when I was ten years old," she said.Did you see the aurora? Send your photos to newstips@stuff.co.nzThe aurora flared up in two stages on Saturday night, around 8.30pm and 11pm."I've been taking photos of the aurora for a long time now but I still get excited when I see the glow in the southern sky," Yanagimachi said.The aurora took place within the Aoraki-Mackenzie Dark-Sky Reserve, recognised as one of the best stargazing spots in the world.Auroras are caused when solar flares send charged particles towards Earth which collide with the upper atmosphere.
The Age correspondent's reports showed his compassion for Anzac and Turkish soldiers. He later enlisted and died on Western Front.Phillip Schuler was one of Melbourne's golden boys, handsome and talented and the "baby" of the literary and artistic gadabouts at the exclusive bohemian gentlemen's establishment, The Savage Club.He was also The Age's correspondent on Gallipoli, the son of the editor. His reporting and his photographs formed the foundation for what became known as the Anzac legend.But reporting the war, even after he had experienced it as a correspondent in the trenches, even after he had written the first book on the Gallipoli campaign, wasn't enough for Schuler.He donned a uniform, went to battle on the Western Front in France and Belgium and was dead before he was 28, the victim of a "stray" artillery shell, possibly from his own side.No one will ever know what Schuler might have become, but he was considered during his short life to be brilliant and daring enough to be a future leader of Australian affairs and letters.His great-niece, Minna Denholm, like so many relatives of promising young men who were lost, often wonders.She has the benefit of a family history written by her grandfather, Robin Denholm – himself the grandson of Gottlieb Frederick Schuler, Phillip's father – to inform her of her famous relative's exploits.But until now, she had never been to Gallipoli.Ms Denholm, a teacher from the Melbourne suburb of Surrey Hills, will join thousands of descendants and relatives of Anzacs gathering on Gallipoli for the 100th anniversary of the April 25 landing of 1915.She and her partner, Brent Jewell, will camp on the peninsula before attending the commemorative services on the shore and the hills trodden a century ago by her great-uncle.She expects to be washed by emotion, but hopes for a deeper understanding of this adventurous family member.The young Schuler consigned his own observations to his book, written at fever pitch in 1916, Australia in Arms: a Narrative of the Australian Imperial Force and their Achievements at Anzac.Schuler's reports from Gallipoli, his book and above all, his illuminating photographs from the trenches were crucial in the early understanding of Australians about what occurred above Anzac Cove, though he is less known now than Australia's official World War I correspondent, Charles Bean.Even before he got to Gallipoli, Schuler had written white-hot dispatches from Egypt, radiating his distress that the wounded were left suffering with little medical help on the the open decks of ships, shocking Australians at home and causing official inquiries."There is a case on record, I quote from exact knowledge, of a transport used as a hospital ship which arrived one afternoon in the harbour of Alexandria and the English disembarkation staff declined to commence the work of taking off the sick and instead went to the [horse races]," he wrote angrily."We were, in our family, raised with a sense of social justice and I think that's part of what drove him," Ms Denholm says. "He reported back with unvarnished humanity." Schuler got around the problem of front-line censorship concerning the Gallipoli campaign by returning briefly to Australia towards the end of 1915 to write Australia in Arms.The great Australian military commander, General Sir John Monash, wrote that he had seen the drafts of Schuler's book and judged it "quite the best and fullest story yet published of the whole Anzac campaign, and is remarkably accurate in details (more so than Ian Hamilton's dispatches)".It was high praise, complete with a barb at the British general and commander of the Gallipoli campaign, Sir Ian Hamilton, who had insisted on going ahead with the fight after it was obviously doomed, and who was eventually replaced.It was, however, Hamilton who helped the young Schuler get on to the peninsula in the first place. Though he sailed from Australia in the flagship of the first convoy of World War I, Schuler did not have accreditation for the landing at Gallipoli. That was reserved for the official correspondent, Bean.But the young correspondent for The Age was both tenacious – he had earlier been detained as a suspected spy by the British after making his own way to the island of Lemnos – and well-connected. His father, after all, was Gottlieb Frederick Schuler, editor of The Age from 1900 for 26 years.Phillip Schuler got the ear of Hamilton in Egypt, and gained a nod, a wink and a permit to find his way to Gallipoli.He arrived on July 20 and was there for the worst days of the campaign, the August Offensive, when Anzac troops launched themselves at the Turkish trenches at Lone Pine, and were slaughtered at The Nek.Schuler's dispatches to The Age from the front, filled with the horror of the battles and his own compassion for both Anzac and Turkish soldiers, remain among the finest reporting of the war.It is not known when or why Schuler decided he wanted to be part of the battle, rather than observer.But after writing his book at home in Hawthorn, he enlisted in the army and in early 1916, sailed for England and went on to the Western Front.His father – who had wanted Phillip to be a lawyer, not a journalist, leading to a troubled father-son relationship – was deeply upset at this development.Despite the rift, Phillip dedicated his book "to my father, in affectionate regard, from his son".Fourteen months later, the young man, a lieutenant, was dreadfully wounded shortly after the fierce Battle of Messines in southern Belgium. He died a few days later, on June 23, 1917, in a hospital in northern France and was buried in the nearby Trois-Arbres cemetery.Bean wrote that Schuler "had won much credit for his gallantry in the Battle of Messines". Ms Denholm says Gottlieb Frederick Schuler never really recovered from the death of his only son, burying himself in work, books and music until he died in 1926.Phillip Schuler's old Melbourne haunt, The Savage Club – where he wrote and acted in plays – recorded that "perhaps the most poignant news ever received in the old club rooms in Queen's Walk was when members learnt that 'The Club Baby' had been killed in action".Phillip, known to his friends as Peter, was "one of the brightest spirits ... an exuberant and scintillating personality".Ms Denholm will carry with her to Gallipoli the words of her great-uncle, written shortly before his death to his great friend, the prolific author and fellow Age journalist Roy Bridges."His last letter came to me by the last English mail of June 1917," Bridges wrote. "It ended 'keep on remembering'."
People moving in and out of temporary or insecure work are at a heightened risk of health problems, with new research revealing an "accumulation" effect of multiple spells of unemployment.Welfare advocates warn the findings cast doubt of the benefits of the Abbott government's recently unveiled $5 billion job services model, Jobactive, which heavily promotes temporary work as a "stepping stone" to long-term employment.The joint Australian-Swedish study tracked experiences of more than 1080 school-leavers and found that accumulated shorter spells of unemployment were damaging in similar ways to the well-established health effects of long-term joblessness.The findings, presented at the Australian Psychological Society's college of health psychologists conference on Friday, showed people were more likely to fall into health problems including depression and negative behaviours such as increased alcohol consumption and smoking if they had experienced intermittent unemployment.At a time of rising unemployment, under-employment and the decline of low-skilled work, job agencies say the study highlights an urgent challenge for federal government policymakers to tackle.Simon Mamone, senior psychologist with the Sarina Russo employment group, said the quality and security of jobs available in Melbourne had rapidly declined in the past six years.He said young Australian jobseekers were facing the most pressing problems as the unemployment rate for 15- to 24-year-olds hovered around 14 per cent."We are seeing a lot more of that intermittent work than part-time or full-time work," he said. "This puts young people behind ... it's the rung of the ladder that keeps getting knocked down and down. They start losing confidence in themselves and in employers."Daniel Robert, 20, worked at a gym in the city's south-east for two years after leaving school with a certificate in personal training. But when the gym closed, he faced more than a year of moving between part-time work and tireless job hunting.Mr Robert worked as a masseuse during the day and in a break-dance crew at night, while spending long hours looking for permanent work in retail, hospitality and personal training across Melbourne."It did stress me out ... at one point in time, I felt like not having work made me feel as if I wasn't worth much," he said."I felt like I wasn't doing anything even though I was constantly looking."Mr Robert, who has landed a good job at a fast-food restaurant, said moving in and out of work since leaving school had been difficult and the current jobs market was causing stress for many people in his age group.Last month, the Abbott government launched the $5 billion Jobactive system, which provides employment services with cash incentives to place jobseekers in short-term positions. The government said "data clearly demonstrates that people who have undertaken a few short-term employment opportunities are substantially more likely to gain permanent positions".Brotherhood of St Laurence executive director Tony Nicholson said sporadic and insecure unemployment had risen in Australia since the global financial crisis, and younger workers and those recovering from mental illness could be negatively affected by the focus on short-term work."As a general rule, having a job is better for a person's mental health than not having a job, even if it's short-term," Mr Nicholson said."But for people with mental illness, the lack of certainty week to week, month to month, can exacerbate anxiety because of the pressure they encounter ... and with young people who are trying to get a foothold in the world of work, it creates a loss of hope that they will be able to have stability of employment and income."Mr Nicholson said critical support programs from the Howard era helping school-leavers make the transition to employment did not receive funding last year.
People moving in and out of temporary or insecure work are at a heightened risk of health problems, with new research revealing an "accumulation" effect of multiple spells of unemployment.Welfare advocates warn the findings cast doubt of the benefits of the Abbott government's recently unveiled $5 billion job services model, Jobactive, which heavily promotes temporary work as a "stepping stone" to long-term employment.The joint Australian-Swedish study tracked experiences of more than 1080 school-leavers and found that accumulated shorter spells of unemployment were damaging in similar ways to the well-established health effects of long-term joblessness.The findings, presented at the Australian Psychological Society's college of health psychologists conference on Friday, showed people were more likely to fall into health problems including depression and negative behaviours such as increased alcohol consumption and smoking if they had experienced intermittent unemployment.At a time of rising unemployment, under-employment and the decline of low-skilled work, job agencies say the study highlights an urgent challenge for federal government policymakers to tackle.Simon Mamone, senior psychologist with the Sarina Russo employment group, said the quality and security of jobs available in Melbourne had rapidly declined in the past six years.He said young Australian jobseekers were facing the most pressing problems as the unemployment rate for 15- to 24-year-olds hovered around 14 per cent."We are seeing a lot more of that intermittent work than part-time or full-time work," he said. "This puts young people behind ... it's the rung of the ladder that keeps getting knocked down and down. They start losing confidence in themselves and in employers."Daniel Robert, 20, worked at a gym in the city's south-east for two years after leaving school with a certificate in personal training. But when the gym closed, he faced more than a year of moving between part-time work and tireless job hunting.Mr Robert worked as a masseuse during the day and in a break-dance crew at night, while spending long hours looking for permanent work in retail, hospitality and personal training across Melbourne."It did stress me out ... at one point in time, I felt like not having work made me feel as if I wasn't worth much," he said."I felt like I wasn't doing anything even though I was constantly looking."Mr Robert, who has landed a good job at a fast-food restaurant, said moving in and out of work since leaving school had been difficult and the current jobs market was causing stress for many people in his age group.Last month, the Abbott government launched the $5 billion Jobactive system, which provides employment services with cash incentives to place jobseekers in short-term positions. The government said "data clearly demonstrates that people who have undertaken a few short-term employment opportunities are substantially more likely to gain permanent positions".Brotherhood of St Laurence executive director Tony Nicholson said sporadic and insecure unemployment had risen in Australia since the global financial crisis, and younger workers and those recovering from mental illness could be negatively affected by the focus on short-term work."As a general rule, having a job is better for a person's mental health than not having a job, even if it's short-term," Mr Nicholson said."But for people with mental illness, the lack of certainty week to week, month to month, can exacerbate anxiety because of the pressure they encounter ... and with young people who are trying to get a foothold in the world of work, it creates a loss of hope that they will be able to have stability of employment and income."Mr Nicholson said critical support programs from the Howard era helping school-leavers make the transition to employment did not receive funding last year.
Mother Nature did Juan Pablo Montoya a favor on Saturday, as lighting halted qualifying for the Grand Prix of Louisiana to give the series points leader pole position for Sunday's race.Montoya tops the standings thanks to his win in the season-opening Grand Prix of St. Petersburg on March 29.The Penske driver will therefore lead the field into the inaugural 75 lap race on the 2.74-mile (4.41 Km) NOLA Motorsports Park circuit in suburban New Orleans.Australian Will Power, the 2014 IndyCar champion and Montoya's team-mate, will join Montoya on the front row.The qualifying cancellation was a boon for Montoya, who had failed to advance out of the first of three qualifying segments after his car slid off course on its final lap.On a rain-soaked track, Brazil's Tony Kanaan led the first qualifying group with a time of 1 minute, 38.0125 seconds in his Chip Ganassi Racing Chevrolet.The second group of the first segment was four minutes into its 10-minute session when lightning in the area halted qualifying. Conditions worsened and qualifying was not resumed.Kanaan, who holds the Indy car record for consecutive starts that is currently at 234 and counting, will start third and fellow Brazilian Helio Castroneves fourth.
Is it the shiny bonnet, leather smell or zero kilometres on the clock? New cars have plenty of appeal, but the biggest question remains how to pay for them.For thousands of people, the answer is a Personal Contract Plan (PCP). The garage does the paperwork, the interest rate is super-low (or even nothing at all) and your acceptance chances are higher than begging your bank manager. So what’s the catch?On one hand, PCPs, or Hire Purchase plans, do everything they say on the tin. You get a new car at low cost and the garage gets a sale. Why would anybody go elsewhere?The answer has to do with ownership. A PCP means that your car is no more yours than it would be had you picked it up at the airport from Hertz.It is hired, rented, leased (pick your terminology), until the very last payment is made. As this can be anything up to five years, it’s a long term commitment to remain in a job, afford the payments and not want to change model.Some 64,716 new cars were registered in the first quarter of 2015, up 30pc on last year, indicating a return of consumer confidence. When it comes to turning corners out of recession, it seems we want a new set of wheels to make the manoeuvre.Tom Cullen of the Society of Irish Motor Industry (SIMI) says the top three marques are Volkswagen, Toyota and Ford, and claims PCPs are “a fantastic product, hugely popular and a real growth area”.Despite this he says Ireland has a relatively immature market. “In the UK, up to 80pc of new car sales are via PCPs. Many manufacturers like Volkswagen and Renault have their own banks,” he says. “During the recession people had stopped changing their car and we ended up with an eight or nine-year-old fleet.“Having fallen out of the loop, many are seeing increased job security and coming back into showrooms and making the leap to new with a PCP, with guaranteed values when the contract is over.”The rates certainly are attractive. Both Opel and Citroen offer 0pc finance on many models. Seat has credit at 3.9pc, Peugeot from 4.9pc and Volkswagen from 5.9pc — all much lower than the 11pc to 14pc you can expect on a bank loan.However, deposits required are generally between 30pc and 50pc and terms are shorter. With Opel, for instance, repayments are for a maximum of 24 months and half the cost upfront is required. The bank won’t lose, as the depreciation will be less than the value upon its return.With some, such as Citroen, the deal is more complicated. The deposit is a minimum 30pc, and the car is given a Guaranteed Minimum Future Value (GMFV) by the bank (in this case, its own UK based finance house).The GMFV is their reckoning of what the car will be worth after the three year repayment term and is dependent, among other things, on a maximum 20,000km per annum mileage limit and keeping it in good condition. Cullen says this is typical.“The PCPs do come with terms and conditions — but if you’re an average driver with average mileage looking after your car, it’s fine.” A worked example for the C1 Touch VTi looks like this:On the Road Value: €11,145On the surface, it’s a no-brainer — repayments are kept low because you’re not making them all during the term. The use of the GMFV leaves you with three options: (a) return the car, just like you would a hire car, and walk away; (b) pay the outstanding balance of €3,901 (commonly called a ‘balloon payment’) or (c) roll over the loan into a new car and start the process again.The difference with a credit union or personal loan is that borrowings are unsecured, meaning that although they will certainly chase you if you fall behind on payments, they can’t rely on the security of the asset to recoup the loss.This is why you pay higher interest — it is for the added risk. The car is your property and it cannot be taken from you. It means that if say, you lose your job, at least you have your motor to get to interviews.If your car is financed through PCP, it is deemed a ‘secured’ loan and remains the property of the finance house and can technically be taken from you and sold to pay off the loan.But there is an out, as Susan Cosgrove of Cosgrove Gaynard Solicitors explains.“Under S.63 of the Consumer Credit Act 1995 there is a protection known as the Half Rule. This entitles you to terminate a hire purchase agreement and pay 50pc of the hire purchase price.“A 2011 High Court decision, Gabriel vs GE Money, ruled that the Act provides this as a standalone right at any time before the final payment falls due. Under section 63(2) there are two options: pay half the hire purchase price less the amount paid to date or purchase the car from the HP company.“Otherwise, the bank has the right to recover the vehicle immediately and is entitled to issue proceedings for the balance if not so paid.“Importantly, the court also found that the practice of some finance companies in refusing to accept back cars where agreements were terminated by a hirer was wrong.“It ruled that they cannot treat the payment of 50pc as a precondition to termination and therefore a company cannot refuse to take the car back in advance of the sum being paid avoiding purchasers having to hold on to cars they couldn’t afford.”What should be avoided is signing an Voluntary Surrender Form which would make hirers liable for the balance of the loan, while still returning the car.But perhaps the real truth is, if it’s the only way you can afford new, maybe the second-hand market is the one for you.
There was more good news for those hunting for jobs in recent days. As the sun finally came out, unemployment figures dropped to their lowest level in more than six years at 10pc.While there are definite grounds for optimism, the Dunnes strike over low hours contracts would have caused many to pause for thought about what kind of jobs there will be in Ireland during the recovery. Will they be well-paid and secure?Strictly speaking, the Dunnes workers who picketed stores across the country do not have the much-publicised zero-hours contracts.However, according to their union Mandate, most do not have certainty beyond 15 hours on how many hours they are going to work from week-to-week. Spokesman David Gibney says: "They feel that they can't plan their life, plan their future and there's no financial security."They may grab the headlines, but the Dunnes workers are by no means exceptional in Ireland of 2015. The new breed of employee is increasingly working unpredictable hours on insecure contracts, frequently on low pay.Welcome to the world of the "precariat". The term was coined near the start of this decade by the economist Professor Guy Standing to describe a class of worker, whose career is unpredictable.Typically they are temps - part-timers working in shops, hotels or call centres - and often they are classed as self-employed contractors.They may be graduates struggling to make a decent living on internships or JobBridge schemes.Where once employees could hope for secure full-term contracts, now Professor Standing says the new precariat has a working lifetime consisting of disjointed bits. With little security or guaranteed income, they can struggle to build a career.Professor Standing has predicted the rise of a phenomenon known as "crowdworking", where keyboard workers try to earn a crust by bidding online for small online tasks, and are paid a small amount for each task.There are no precise figures on the number of workers who work on zero-hours contracts in Ireland. However, clues can be found in figures from the Central Statistics office. There are currently 130,000 people classed as "part-time underemployed". This means they are part-timers who would like to do full-time work.Ultimately, these low-paid part-timers come at a cost to the State, because many have to top up their incomes with social welfare.Employment lawyer Richard Grogan says: "There has been a considerable increase in the use of zero-hours contracts, particularly in the hospitality industry, restaurants, distribution and the cleaning industry."A zero-hours contract of employment is an arrangement where the employee is available for work but does not have specified hours of work.Richard Grogan says: "A number of these contracts are being put in place, effectively to create a form of bonded labour, where the employer effectively has absolute control over the employee."In some cases, the employee may not be allowed to work for another company, even though they have very few hours.Close observers of these developments suggest that some employees may be working on zero-hours arrangements without even knowing it, because the contracts are effectively disguised. One legal source says: "A typical contract might suggest that the 'normal office hours are 9 to 5.30' and 'You will be required to work such hours as required by the company from time to time'."You might think that means you work from 9 to 5.30, but it could be zero. The hours could be cut at any time."The phenomenon is not confined to low-paid sectors such as retailing and the hospitality sector. It seems to have spread into middle-class jobs as well.A recent survey found that one in six pilots in Europe are "atypical employees". This means they may work through a temporary work agency, are self-employed, or on a zero-hours contract with no minimum pay guaranteed.Stephen Kinsella, economist at the University of Limerick, says the rise of the precariat is being driven by globalisation."Dunnes Stores is not competing with your local shop. It is competing with Lidl, Aldi and Tesco. So in a global marketplace, it has to reduce its cost base. It's good for the employer because they want flexibility, but it's not good for the employee."One labour law analyst says some zero-hours working arrangements in the hotel industry may be legitimate."A lot of the work is seasonal. You might have a waiter who works on functions and there isn't a wedding on every night. The trouble is that employers are also using these terms for regular jobs such as cleaners and kitchen staff, where the demand for labour is consistent."Since it was launched four years ago, the JobBridge scheme, where workers can top up their unemployment benefit by €50 by working as interns, has attracted controversy. Critics say it displaces well-paid entry-level jobs.Just under 40,000 workers have taken part in JobBridge, and a recent survey by the National Youth Council of Ireland shows decidedly mixed feelings about it among participants.Of those surveyed, 57pc said they were satisfied with their internship. However, 44pc said they thought the scheme was used for free labour.Labour lawyer Richard Grogan says: "JobBridge employees have no protection whatsoever when it comes to employment rights."However, other types of intern have a right to the minimum wage and other rights."Richard Grogan draws the distinction between those who may work for a vet or a solicitor as an intern to see if they are interested in a career, and the qualified low-paid intern who is taken on long term."What is happening is that you are getting people who are qualified being offered internships on some hope that they will get a job. This can simply be a way of getting cheap labour."While unemployment is dropping, the growth in the number of jobs is not consistent across the country and economists have described the upturn as a "two-tier recovery".A recent report by the Nevin Economic Research Institute found that the recovery is heavily concentrated on Dublin and its hinterland.While the overall report is positive, it shows that employment growth is sluggish in western and border counties.With two law degrees and a ­Masters, Joseph Loughnane might have expected a smooth path into the workforce.But like thousands of other young workers, NUI Galway graduate came to his present job on a circuitous route via a call centre and an unpaid internship in London and the dole queue.Despite applying for jobs at solicitors' offices for six years, Joseph says he never had an offer of paid work in his chosen field.Unable to secure an internship in Ireland, Joseph used his savings from working in a call centre for a few months to do a six-month placement at a human rights organisation in London.Joseph found the work worthwhile, but his emigrant experience became one of penury, as he ran out of money. He lost two stone in weight, having struggled to feed himself on £20 (€27) a week."The organisation was small and couldn't afford to pay me," the 28-year-old says. "My friend and I were paying £500 each a month on rent and I only had money for one meal a day.""Young people now are told that they have to internships in order to fill up their CV. But what is the point if you are not getting an income and don't have enough work to live."It definitely discriminates against those who are not from wealthy families, because if you don't have financial backing, you can't afford to do the job and get the experience that you need."With his raft of third-level qualifications, Joseph feels he was over-qualified when he was applying for jobs."I had to downplay my qualifications if I was going for an interview. If you show them that you have too many degrees, they might think you will be bored in the job. A lot of my contemporaries either have to go abroad or take unpaid internships in order to gain experience."Joseph now has a full-time job in taxi regulation.
The word "sustainable" has been so misused in economic, environmental and business circles, as to have become almost meaningless.An awful lot of rhetoric and resource is spent on allegedly sustainable practices which don't add much to the likelihood of any business lasting longer. And yet, if asked, most of us would agree that there is something to be said for an argument that businesses should be sustainable.If we have learned anything over the past five years, it is that unsustainable models cost. And these costs are often borne not only by investors, but by a wider community - employees, customers, sometimes even society as a whole.Increasingly, many prefer to focus on the term 'resilient', denoting a model which can both thrive in a normal range of circumstances and survive and recover in stressed scenarios.As the economy enters a phase of recovery, there are also changes pending which will support businesses that seek a more sustainable model - the move internationally towards conscious capitalism, which asks businesses to focus on the totality of their activities and the impact of those activities.Sustainability in a business context isn't just about doing things which have a positive impact on the environment. In business, it extends to building a resilient business, with a positive impact on all stakeholders. It's about better decisions, resource efficiency, cost reduction, improving productivity, becoming truly innovative, taking longer-term decisions and protecting reputation.What does this mean in practice?A business which creates value in the short, medium and long term for all of its stakeholder groups is ultimately more sustainable than one which is focused entirely on short-term financial profit.Stakeholder groups include not just investors but also customers, employees, suppliers, business partners, society at large. A genuine, sustainable business mission will have value at its core and will seek to enhance value for all groups.Planning is the essence of the successful business. More effort expended in designing the steps required to render the business both successful and capable of surviving an economic shock is rewarded. Creating time and space to plan in the short to medium term is the challenge.A sustainable business or organisation structure is flexible and adaptable to changing business needs and to a fast-changing external environment.Historically, organisation structures tended to be rigid - but sustainable business needs greater flexibility in order to respond and adapt to changes.This capacity of the business to adapt and respond quickly to changes is what determines its long-term viability.Those charged with governance are responsible for creating an appropriate oversight structure to support the ability of the organisation to create value.At board level, long-term resilience can be overlooked due to understandable pressure to focus on short-term profits. What gets more notice at board meetings - quarterly results or longer-term forecasts?If sustainability is considered and viewed through the lens of risk to business continuity, the focus of those charged with steering the organisation would be sharpened in favour of the sustainability agenda.A key challenge for any business is the management of and allocation of resources.In the next five years we see particular challenges around the development and protection of people, in nurturing appropriate management skills as being key competitive differentiators - as well as contributors to resilient businesses.Our research in the SME sector shows the application of relatively rare management skills as the key differentiator between successful, sustainable businesses and others.Building sustainability and resilience into an organisation's supply chain is a challenge which cannot be underestimated. Multi-layered subcontracting is just one of the supply chain challenges to sustainability.A comprehensive review and analysis of the supply chain through each of the 'stages' (sourcing, manufacturing, distribution, consumption - and post-consumption recycling/re-use) and across resources like human and financial capital will highlight the weak points.These weak points will generally fall into two broad types in terms of potential impact-cost/margin erosion and reputational damage.There is a significant reputational aspect to becoming more sustainable. In Ireland, with the exception of those reporting to international audiences, we have yet to take any significant steps in how corporates, the public sector or not-for-profits report outside of the traditional annual report.Internationally, however, other forms of non-financial reporting have been becoming more mainstream as the constraints of traditional corporate reporting are recognised. These new forms support the goal of developing sustainable businesses.Sustainability reporting, integrated reporting and CSR reporting, are some of the frameworks which are either still evolving or which have been operational in some jurisdictions for some time now. It is only a matter of time before there is a significant shake up and streamlining of mandatory reporting requirements.Of course, growth, profit and cashflow all remain essential. However, there is an opportunity now to lay down foundations to ensure long-term success.Sustainability has been conflated with a type of environmental and CSR concerns. It encompasses these concepts, but goes further. The development of your business for the long term is a key priority, and should drive the agenda of your business in a tangible way.Mark Kennedy is a partner at Mazars, the accounting and business advisory firm
Lawyers from the New Beginning agency will turn up at every court where home repossession cases are being heard from tomorrow.Repossessions are expected to surge after the latest Central Bank figures revealed that the main banks were now threatening 31,000 homeowners with the loss of their properties.New Beginning say their representatives will attend courts, offer advice to borrowers and arrange for a full financial and legal assessment.Tomorrow, home repossession hearings will take place in Cork, Donegal, Laois, Wicklow, Kildare, Tipperary, Waterford and Wexford - the first of 1,000 repossession cases which will come before the courts this week.The service is not free and people who wish to use it will have to pay €150 - though New Beginning say they will waive the fee in certain circumstances.New Beginning says that most people coming before the courts facing repossession are employed."It is just a question of too little income facing too much debt," said founder Ross Maguire SC.The agency has written to all of the county registrars in the country to inform them of its plans. It has also written to the President of the Circuit Court, Mr Justice Raymond Groarke.More than 120,000 people are directly affected by repossessions and face eviction from their homes."This is a population greater than Cork city. Over the coming months these cases are coming before the courts and New Beginning intends to be there to assist borrowers. This week alone over 1,000 cases of banks seeking possession of family homes will be listed before the courts," Mr Maguire said.New figures show the threats to take homes off people make up 40pc of the "solutions" the banks are proposing as part of targets set for them by the Central Bank for dealing with the arrears crisis.More than 17,000 of these mortgage holders are already at a more advanced stage of the repossession process.Some of these people have already given up their homes voluntarily, the Central Bank said.The figures, which set out how the banks have dealt with targets set for them by regulators, show just 46,000 of those in arrears on a residential home loan have had their mortgages restructured.New Beginning believes that most of cases coming before the courts can be resolved without the loss of the family home, provided there are systems in place to deal with borrowers "whose finances are so impaired as to make them unable to repay even a restructured mortgage"."This involves industrial-style solutions which will involve ownership in properties passing to large group-housing owners who can then lease them to the individual borrowers or to local authorities who can lease them on to those same people," Mr Maguire saidHe suggested that this will require new thinking, but inevitably these solutions will need to be forced onto the system."At the moment, it is in a state of paralysis. We can force this through by developing strength in numbers. We believe that where we put forward sustainable solutions, the courts should not order evictions. We will ask them - 'Are you going to put a family out on the road when there is a better way?'"Last week it was reported that the Government is considering new measures to deal with the mortgage-arrears crisis, including proposals for a new scheme that would allow people in significant arrears to stay in their homes.The package of measures may also involve legislation to weaken the veto banks enjoy in personal insolvency deals, though court actions will continue against borrowers who refuse to discuss arrears with their lenders.The Irish Times reported that the Government is also considering a separate scheme that would allow borrowers to retain ownership of their properties, but offer them ongoing State support to help them pay their mortgages.
TV3 bosses expect revenue and profitability to grow at the broadcasting group this year, despite losing big ratings pullers Coronation Street and Emmerdale to UTV Ireland.The group - which includes TV3, the recently launched TV3+1 and 3e - has seen its market share dip 2pc to 10.6pc in the first three months of its rival's existence, Nielsen figures show.UTV pulled in almost 6pc of the audience, with RTE's share also falling by around 2pc.But the group is hopeful that its exclusive rights to the Rugby World Cup and the X Factor in Ireland will attract more eyeballs later in the year.The rugby deal will be a loss leader, but the station hopes it will be able to keep some of the new viewers the tournament attracts. Their team of presenters includes Neil Back, Keith Wood and Shane Jennings.Losing the soaps will save the company around €15m a year in contract fees, an industry source told the Sunday Independent.Management are ploughing some of that money into content the station owns, which gives it more flexibility to generate revenue from new sources like product placement deals.Costcutter and Associated Newspapers, which publishes the Irish Daily Mail, have signed such deals."On pure TV3 and spot revenue we absolutely expect to be down in 2015, but we expect that to be more than made up for with 3e revenue, 3 player revenue, the revenue that we get from the +1 channels, plus rugby," TV3 commercial director Pat Kiely told the Sunday Independent.Having more Irish content will give the group more scope for selling its programming internationally. It recently signed a deal for international distribution with Sky.It has also set up a dedicated unit to explore making more advertiser-funded programming (AFP)."The Restaurant would be a good example - Aldi was a big funding partner on that show," Mr Kiely said."We've a lot of big shows out there that we're in discussions with potential AFP partners on".Speculation has surrounded the group's future in recent weeks with owner Doughty Hanson rumoured to be considering a sale.US media giant Viacom, whose brands include MTV, Comedy Central and Nickelodeon, was interested in the business at one point, but is no longer in the running, the Sunday Independent understands.Mr Kiely would not comment on whether a takeover was in the offing, but said TV3 is "a very interesting proposition for a lot of investors".
Beef baron Larry Goodman stands to make a fortune - another one that is - from the former Bank of Ireland head office on Dublin's Baggot Street.Goodman bought the 220,000 sq ft office block in 2012 for €40m. The refurbishment will cost around €70m.His Remley Developments needed the go- ahead for the refurbishment from An Bord Pleanala because the building is a 20th century architectural masterpiece which is a protected structure.I always thought it was a bit too stuffy any time I went in there for Bank of Ireland press conferences in the past. Then again, perhaps that didn't have much to do with the architecture.Whatever about the interior, the façade was inspired by the style of the iconic 1958 Seagram building in New York. It was one of the first to have an open plaza out the front for staff to hang out and relax.The Baggot Street building was designed in the 1960s by Ronald Tallon, who remained a director of architects Scott Tallon Walker for 55 years, until his death last year.After refurbishment, the building would stand Goodman around €110m. The Comer brothers say they expect to get €45 to €55 per sq ft in rent at the former Vets College site in Ballsbridge when they are finished developing it.A similar figure would see Goodman's Bank of Ireland building land around €11m per year in rent. At a yield of 6pc, it would be worth €183m.Permanent TSB's TV advertising campaign slogan is "Back to basics", and the bank's board certainly got a right dose of it at the AGM last week.Shareholders launched a verbal assault from the floor on enormous interest rates being charged on variable rate mortgages.One shareholder, Breda O'Byrne gave chairman Alan Cook and CEO Jeremy Masding a tongue-lashing. She rather eloquently summed her view as: "Permanent TSB my arse!"It isn't quite what Messrs Cook and Masding were used to over at National Savings and Investments or Central Trust across the water. Cook is also a non-executive director of Sainsbury Bank, which knows a lot about charging very low interest rates.Sainsbury Bank raised quite a few eyebrows recently when it started offering cut-price personal loans of up to stg£35,000 over five years for as little as 6.9pc. These are unsecured personal loans and compare very favourably with the 8.5pc to 11.5pc offered by some of its UK competitors.Some PTSB mortgage holders, on fully secured 25-year mortgages, are being charged around 4.5pc.The difference is that Sainsbury Bank makes about £60m per year and is rumoured to be considering a move into the mortgage market in the UK.Cook went to great lengths last week to emphasise that PTSB can't reduce variable mortgage rates because the bank is still losing money - €48m last year in fact.But Breda Byrne was like a knife cutting through butter when she analysed the mixed messages about the performance of PTSB. She told Masding, "you are telling us it's improving and the other fella [Cook] beside you is telling us it's a loss-making bank. "A veteran of shareholder battles at Eircom, Ms Byrne showed deep understanding of bank balance sheets (and prowess at cutting to the chase) when she referred banks' flexibility in presenting financial performance by making adjustments to the provision figures for bad loans.She might make an excellent board member.With the Government all set to back a €1.3bn takeover of Aer Lingus by IAG, the State does seem to have handled the pay packet of former chief executive Christoph Mueller in a rather tawdry way.Mueller was paid €1.2m in 2014, his last full year in the job. His remuneration was opposed by the State, although it passed the AGM by a 0.0001 margin.Mueller was well paid but he did a great job. In 2008 Aer Lingus earned €1.35bn in revenue with a staff cost of €334m (24.2pc). After several years of crisis, re-structuring and re-positioning, Aer Lingus generated revenues of €1.55bn last year with staff costs of €300m (19.3pc).Mueller did much to steer the airline through an extraordinary storm and it has come out stronger. So much so, that the Government believed it was worth more than €1.3bn just a few weeks ago.The Government's vote against Mueller's remuneration must have soured things for him - as no doubt Bertie Ahern's onslaught in the Dail against his predecessor Willie Walsh soured things for him.Now that National Toll Roads (NTR) has bagged a mountain of cash from the sale of US wind farms, how much will Tom Roche be willing to pay to buy out shareholders who want to exit the company?One51 and Nick Furlong's Pageant Holdings want to sell, but presumably not at any price. NTR has hired independent consultants to assess the value of the business.However, it is understood that no binding agreement exists between shareholders to accept whatever valuation the independent advisers place on the company. Plus there are 2,000 small investors. This is where it could get really interesting with a possible shareholder bunfight.National Toll Roads will receive €179m from last week's sale of two wind farms. It has another €41.3m coming from the sale of its Osage wind farm. It is owed around €18m from Greenstar North America.At the end of December 2014, it had about €47m in cash but also has a tax liability.Then there are the smaller assets, such as the €10m invested in European wind so far, €20m to €25m for its 50pc share of Celtic Anglian Water, another €15m owed from SES Solar. The list goes on.Some sellers might argue National Toll Roads is worth €300m to €330m - or roughly €3.25 per share. What happens if Roche disagrees?
Wednesday saw Permanent TSB chairman Alan Cook plead with shareholders to be quiet at the bank's agm.Permo's management faced lots of angry heckling on issues from the bank's variable mortgage rates to the extent of its planned €525m capital raise.Management said there can't be a rate cut because the bank is still making a loss.Chief Executive Jeremy Masding has met around 100 potential investors and should be able to provide an update on the capital raise within weeks.Later in the week, the European Commission told the bank to shrink its book of tracker mortgages as a condition of approval for the bank's restructuring plan.The Prof told an event in Paris that the law "deserves to be strengthened to take account of egregious recklessness in risk-taking by those who were in charge of failed financial firms".The UK Financial Conduct Authority recently unveiled a proposal that would see senior bank managers asked to show that they took "such steps as a person in their position would be expected to take" if a firm is guilty of misconduct.Business leaders and tax experts warned the Government of potential problems with the vaunted Knowledge Development Box.The scheme would give companies a tax break on income derived from intellectual property.But Ibec thinks that the current plan is too narrow to encourage a wide range of sectors to engage in research and development.The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development is developing global rules for this kind of scheme, and Ibec isn't happy."Restrictions on the outsourcing of R&D mean that smaller countries with limited skills pools in specialist areas will be disadvantaged by the new regime compared to larger countries," Ibec said.US drugmaker Mylan launched a shock offer to buy its Irish-based rival Perrigo for €26.5bn.The move sent stocks in both companies soaring. The merged company would be a generic-medicine juggernaut."This combination would result in meaningful immediate and long-term value creation, and our proposal is designed to deliver that value to shareholders and other stakeholders of both companies," Mylan said.Perrigo is best known here for buying Elan for almost €6.7bn in 2013. The company is based in Dublin's Treasury Building.Twitter shares rose by almost 4pc on Wednesday amid reports that it had knocked back a takeover attempt from Google.Financial website briefing.com said two firms had approached Twitter with serious intent, naming Google as one.Both Twitter and Google declined to comment when contacted by the Irish Independent.
The Government has yet to publish a study estimating the impact of Ireland's renewable energy target on consumers' pockets, five years after the target was introduced.Billions of private and public money has been spent in an effort to ensure 40pc of Ireland's electricity is supplied by renewable sources by 2020, but the Government has yet to produce a cost/benefit study of what the targets will mean for consumer bills by then.Different groups have published studies on the effects of renewable energy. Some have shown additional wind energy lowering wholesale electricity costs, but the effect of that is countered by the need to upgrade the grid and the public service obligation levy on energy bills. A report recently commissioned by the Irish Wind Energy Association said meeting the 40pc domestic target was expected to lead to higher bills, but that adding more wind capacity above and beyond the target would make bills fall.A spokeswoman from the Department of Communications, Energy and Natural Resources said the Government believes it is necessary to take a broader look and will soon publish a report."It was considered timely to undertake and publish analysis which takes a broader look at the components contributing to the projected costs, in order to inform public debate and commentary on the cost and financial impact on the electricity customer," she said.A new study was carried out by four different taxpayer-funded agencies - the Department of Communications, Energy and Natural Resources, the Sustainable Energy Authority Ireland (SEAI), EirGrid and the Commission for Energy Regulation. It compares the cost, for 2020, for Irish energy consumers of two electricity generation scenarios.One scenario involves meeting 40pc renewable penetration and the other is on Ireland's energy supply mix, as of the end of 2013, when it was below 20pc.Economist Colm McCarthy recently called for the target to be scrapped, saying it was "pointless" and not in the national interest.
Penrith's injury curse shows no signs of abating with Peter Wallace to have knee surgery and fears Jamal Idris and Elijah Taylor may have suffered long-term NRL injuries.Wallace missed the Panthers' first win in a month, 22-12 over Manly on Saturday night, with an ongoing knee complaint on which he had surgery last year.He will go under the knife again on Tuesday with coach Ivan Cleary saying he will miss up to six weeks.There were initial fears Idris had suffered a season-ending ACL injury but he will go for scans on Monday that will better determine the extent of the injury.Taylor has suffered a cartilage problem and will also undergo scans on Monday.Both players suffered the injuries in the second half of the round-six win that snapped a three-game losing streak, and did not return to the action.Wallace was a late withdrawal before the four-tries-to-two win."Pete is going to go in for surgery on Tuesday, it is a cartilage thing he has been having trouble for the whole season pretty much on the back of his reconstruction and he got another jam in it the other week," Cleary said."It has worn him down, it just got too bad, but the good news is that once he has that surgery he won't have the ongoing troubles that he has had because he has pretty much been playing busted the whole year."It is a testament to his toughness, hopefully it will get him to a point when it is functioning properly"It is about four to six weeks so it is similar to when Sowie (Jamie Soward - back surgery) is going to be back."Cleary did not want to speculate on the worst-case scenarios for Idris and Taylor."We have a couple of scans to wait for ET and Jamal is the same, all we can do is cross our fingers," he said."They were talking about Jamal maybe going back on so I'm not going to say too much, we will just see what happensThe injury dramas were not all one way with Brett Stewart (groin) pulling out for Manly pre-game and Tom Trbojevic suffering a suspected serious ankle injury and Jesse Sene-Lefao also leaving the field in the first half with a shoulder complaint.Neither player returned to the game as last-placed Manly slumped to its fourth successive loss.Toovey said Stewart and captain Jamie Lyon are likely to miss another week.Trbojevic and Sene-Lefao will be sent for scans on Monday.
Two French male tourists have been charged with animal cruelty after they allegedly tried to burn a quokka on Rottnest Island.Police allege the two men burnt the quokka after igniting an aerosol spray with a lighter, causing a large flame to make contact with the animal on April 3.Detectives went to Rottnest on Saturday, questioned the two men and seized a video.Both were then evicted from the island.And 18-year-old man and a 24-year-old man, who were both staying in Cockburn, have been charged with animal cruelty.The pair are due to appear in the Fremantle Magistrates Court on April 17.In February this year six quokkas were found dead in Rottnest's "tent land".
There are some days you know your life will change forever and for Gabriel Moynagh, today is one such day.The visibly nervous young entrepreneur is sitting opposite me in the Davenport Hotel off Merrion Square, eyeing his phone like a hawk. He's staying at the hotel so as to remain in a state of readiness for the birth of his first child, which is due any minute now - his wife, Amy, is two weeks overdue, and is currently holed up at The National Maternity Hospital in Holles Street."She's thrown off my whole schedule, it's very inconsiderate of her," he smiles. There's a sense of optimism in the air."It looks like it's definitely going to be today. Definitely. I'm very excited of course. It seems like it's going to mean a lot of responsibility."I think I am going to have to do a lot of growing up myself. I'm sure I'll handle the restless nights. I'll finally have to get my act together."The acute sleep deprivation, endless responsibility and fierce sense of protectiveness that are part and parcel of new fatherhood might equally be applied to the life of entrepreneur.And Moynagh is being modest, since his act has long since been gotten together.The 33-year-old spent the best part of the last decade nurturing his other baby - Sysnet - from its humble beginnings in IT support into becoming one of the global big boys in cyber security.The Irish company builds and supports mutually-beneficial relationships between SMEs and financial institutions through the provision of technological solutions. It helps businesses of all sizes to protect their valuable company information from cyber security threats and currently has clients globally in 200 countries.More than 800,000 merchants use its proprietary compliance management solution.In the UK and Ireland, Sysnet works with the top seven financial organisations including Barclays and Lloyds. In the US, Sysnet's clients include WorldPay and US Bank, and the firm's consultancy and software development arms have blossomed as well.The company also provides consulting services to numerous retail behemoths including Walmart, Nationwide Building Society, and ABSA bank.Headquartered in Dublin, the firm also has offices in Atlanta, Salt Lake City, London, Cape Town, Kiev and Hyderabad. It employs more than 160 people, most of them based in Dublin.It's an amazing story. Sysnet has grown from about €1m in revenue six years ago to over €20m in revenue this financial year. In the process Moynagh has twice been nominated for an 'Entrepreneur of the Year' award in the international category and the company has also won a slew of industry awards.He's modest enough to admit however that "the heaviest lifting is done off the ground" - and that initial push came from his father, Tom, who started Sysnet in 1989."He moved to New York in the early 1970s, went to college there and came back to Ireland in 1981. He was one of the first working in the whole IT sector in Ireland."He worked in virtual reality for a while and silicon graphics. The main business was IT support and service. So they'd go into high street retailers and sell them hardware and then sell them the support contract to go with the hardware."Their own customers were asking them more and more about internet security and so they started dabbling in that. There was also another side to the business - Computer Aided Design (CAD) and they worked that for a while. We began focussing on information security."Moynagh was, by his own account, not very academic as a youngster - he went to St Columba's College in Rathfarnham - and studied zoology in UCD, which hardly boded well for a future in business. However, he started working in the company for his father and gradually climbed the ladder through various roles until becoming CEO four years ago. He presents the dynamic within Sysnet as a push-pull between him and his father."We would have had a lot of arguments. Now I look back and think we actually needed that. It gave us a balance. I was trying to do too much too fast."We had various roles in the company but there wasn't really a hierarchy. It was everyone else and then my Dad. I may have pulled the son card once or twice but I don't remember."In 2007, he and his father were advised by Brian Caulfield at Trinity that developing their own software would greatly enhance their chances of securing investment."We began development and subsequently won a tender with a UK bank to deliver our new software to 35,000 small businesses. This deal helped us secure funding with a US private equity firm called GTX."The software was designed to tackle the emergence of increasingly high profile security breaches in the credit card industry."The main one that stands out was CardSystems in the US in 2005. Millions of people's data was stolen," he recalls. "Those card numbers end up online for sale. Hackers go for the most valuable thing they can find - and in the right hands, card numbers are practically the equivalent of cash." (Visa and American Express would go on to drop CardSystems as a credit card processing company.)Sysnet only contracts with the acquirer and the relationship between it and its stable of merchants remains unchanged. Perhaps most importantly they don't at any point take ownership of the merchant data they gather during the process. It belongs to the acquirer and they use it however they see fit."The way it works is that the credit card giants have a network of vast institutions called the acquiring bank," he explains. "These acquiring banks have a relationship with the merchant. The acquiring bank is responsible for these merchants - and when a rule is established it's up to them to implement it."Visa and Mastercard, for example, don't have a direct relationship with the merchant - they go through the acquiring bank."And they said to us: these high profile breaches are happening and we need to restore consumer confidence and make sure systems were secure. They were also trying to show that they are self regulating. They were also trying to create an industry standard."That industry standard that emerged was called PCI DSS (Moynagh admits his industry has "an acronym at every turn") and Sysnet's ability to implement it placed it suddenly at the vanguard."One of the turning points for us was when I was in the office upstairs in Churchtown and we got a call from Conor McGovern at Realex Payments asking about this standard and whether we provided PCI," he recalls."At the time there were only two or three companies that actually had the credentials from Visa or Mastercard to go into a large financial institution and audit them. We went through a lot of hoops to become a certified security assessor."Once we got that badge we went from where we weren't winning tenders to all of a sudden winning them. We were the first in Ireland and the fourth in Europe, so we began getting government tenders."Moving outside Ireland was a big psychological barrier, but we knew we had to do it to grow."Their first big software deal came with Bank of Scotland Merchant Services, which was due to triple the size of the company but it almost didn't get off the ground."Toward the eleventh hour it still wasn't working. And I clearly remember thinking: 'That was it, we had our chance and now it's gone.' We had people working until after midnight every night to get it over the line."The deal made Sysnet a software company and gave them a platform to grow into a global business."The temptation was to only go after the Tescos, the Ryanairs and the Aer Linguses of the world - but the acquiring banks were under pressure not to forget about the higher risk portfolio."Hotels and hospitality are at a high risk of data compromise. Ecommerce merchants are also very vulnerable. They had to look like they were doing something about it. From 2005 they were also coming under pressure from regulators."While the increased emphasis on security within the credit card industry and the need for self regulation played into Moynagh's hands, there were also a few serendipitous coincidences that smoothed his company's path to success."My whole family are big into Irish music," he explains. "But most of them are better at it than I am. I play the fiddle."In 2009, my sister Lindsay was a musician in a traditional Irish music show that had received funding from a US investor after he attended the first performance while holidaying in Galway."Anyway, he turned out to be the former CEO of an American and European payments company which - through pure luck - was Sysnet's second largest client. He subsequently funded Sysnet and it really was an incredible coincidence. We had at that time been trying to raise money in the company."Lindsay - who also worked in the company for a while - still lords it over me to this day because of that."So what does the future hold for him and Sysnet?"We have a huge portfolio of small businesses that rely on us to get them through the PCI process. Our challenge now is to develop software that will help them with that process."Will they be acquiring other companies?"In the future the company will be looking to invest in acquiring companies that are developing security systems which are aimed at PCI compliance. We took a 25pc stake in a company called iScan which does just that. We want to prove that the distribution requirement is there. I'd rather prove that the distribution works before buying a company."Although the security industry isn't as vulnerable as some to fluctuations in the economy led by flip-flopping consumer sentiment, Gabriel believes the future has begun looking brighter lately and another jobs announcement is imminent."We'll be working with over a million merchants through a handful of financial institutions. There will be another job announcement pretty soon. We are finalising our financial year this month."We've gone through a really deep strategic process and once we're through that we'll know more. We're still playing with what holes we need to fill. We've got to a point where it's not enough to be just entrepreneurial."And with that it's back to the hospital. I've taken enough time already. And Moynagh has another long day of waiting ahead of him.If I could look back to myself when I was starting out I'd tell myself… "I wish I'd gotten started earlier. I feel more confident now that I've made a lot of mistakes. When we were growing quickly I made hiring choices based on need. We now hire for strength as opposed to lack of weakness."The brokest I've ever been was… "there were a couple of times with the company when we were close to not being able to pay wages. In terms of me personally, probably when I was in college although I always worked in bars and restaurants so I made tips there."Outside the company my favourite investments are… "it's part of my contract that I don't invest. There are some of the companies we work with that I'd love to invest in."I've had to stand up to my Dad… "tons of times! All along when cash-flow was tight, it was always me trying to speed up and him trying to slow down. I would never have admitted he was right at the time because I thought everything I was trying to do was genius."
Mary Lou MacDonald has been defending the indefensible - or Gerry Adams, as he's better known - for months now.Chances are that the Sinn Fein deputy leader will need to do so again in the near future, as her boss's mouth still appears not to be on communicating terms with his brain.No wonder Mary Lou decided that enough was enough, and that it was about time for colleagues in SF to start coming out to bat for her too. All week they've been loyally popping up on the airwaves to insist that the party's deputy leader was entirely correct last December to use the sanctuary of the Dail to name those she accused of having offshore Ansbacher accounts, despite her actions being censured last week as a breach of the rules by the Oireachtas Committee on Procedures and Privilege.Those allegations, said the report issued by committee, were "in the nature of being defamatory". There's nothing like a euphemism. It's a bit like saying that calling someone a worthless, despicable son of a, er, gun was "in the nature of being impolite".SF's defence of all this is that it was "in the public interest". What? Even if the allegations are untrue, as those named in the chamber before Christmas have all stated?Three of them - former PD leader Des O'Malley; former EU commissioner Maire Geoghegan-Quinn; former finance minister Ray MacSharry - publicly denied having offshore Ansbacher accounts. A fourth - former Tanaiste Mary Harney - just as strenuously denies Mary Lou's allegation that she shut down a probe into such accounts.The best defence to the criticism that she shouldn't have named these people under Dail privilege would be to assert that she had no other option because the allegations are true, and, by the way, here's the proof. The best defence is not to say, as Mary Lou did, that she was permitted to do so under Standing Order 59 on the grounds of "reasonable excuse, responsible exercise, good faith and sound basis."Here's the thing. Most of us out here haven't got a clue what Standing Order 59 is. If we're honest, we don't really care either. We just kinda, sorta want to know if what you're saying is true or not, and whether you're either going to stand over, or withdraw, it. The rest of the excuses merely sound like white noise.The key detail in last week's events is the line which ended all newspaper reports on the matter: "Mary Lou McDonald could not be reached for a comment." The SF deputy leader has been harder to find in recent days than Wally. They should bring out a new series of books to boost the party's coffers: Where's Mary-Lou? Obviously publishers would have to put her in green and orange stripes, rather than Wally's trademark red and white, to counter charges that she's turned into a West Brit, but it could be a winner.It's only a suggestion, but have people thought of looking in the prawn section of her local supermarket? She's previously been quite happy to be approached there by the media.McDonald contented herself instead with issuing a statement, standing by her decision - which made a change from standing by her leader, to be fair - but it hardly answered remaining questions.That was left to colleagues such as Pearse Doherty, who drew the short straw on Thursday's News At One on RTE Radio One. The finance spokesman did his best, insisting, for example, that Mary Lou should have been afforded the opportunity to address the committee personally.Indeed she should have. Which probably explains why she was. When this was pointed out to him, Doherty diplomatically said that this was perhaps a matter which Mary Lou was best placed to clear up, but that she was abroad. Offshore, one might almost say. Now there's irony.Of course, she could prove that she has the courage of her convictions by coming out onto the steps of the Dail and simply repeating the allegations. That would give the subjects of her claims the chance to defend their good names in the courts.Whilst vilifying the media for its coverage of that issue, SF TDs appear unwilling to subject themselves to the same rules. How convenient.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers celebrates with Liverpool's Jordan Henderson after the final whistle during the FA Cup Sixth Round Replay match at Ewood Park, BlackburnBRENDAN RODGERS insists Liverpool will always be a “huge attraction” for players whether the club finishes in the top four this season or not.But the Reds boss concedes that Champions League football is key to their ambitions going forward, and admits that every player wants to be playing on that stage.Liverpool’s hopes of being involved in next season’s competition look slim at best right now. A seven point gap to fourth-placed Manchester City, as well as a vastly-inferior goal difference, looks a big one with only seven league games remaining.Such a situation has inevitably led to fears, among Reds fans, that they will be unable to attract the kind of players who will help them challenge at the top end of the Premier League.Rodgers, though, says Liverpool will always appeal to players, and believes the club’s reputation for developing players will help them when it comes to bringing signings in.“We always have to try and get in the best players that we possibly can,” he said. “And I think that Liverpool will always be an attractive offer for players, whether we are in the Champions League or not.“Of course, people look at it and think that you can’t attract people when you’re not in the Champions League, but Liverpool will always be a huge attraction.“That’s because of the history and tradition of the club, but also, I believe, because of how we work here. People look at us and see a team and a squad that is evolving and, I believe, will want to be a part of that.“It’s natural that every player, or every manager, would love to work in the Champions League. We were in it this year, and we felt the competition. We loved our involvement in it, and we want to be in it consistently over a number of years. If it’s not to be this year, then we are going to fight very hard next year.“Most players I speak to, they want to play at that level, but they also want to know that their game is improving, and that they are getting the opportunity to play football. It boils down to that, as well as the other things.“This is one of the greatest clubs in the world, and it will always be an attraction for players.”Rodgers publicly stated that Liverpool’s top-four hopes were all but over after the 4-1 defeat to Arsenal last weekend, and found himself back in the spotlight in the days that followed.He was forced to deny reports of dressing-room unrest in the aftermath of that Emirates loss, and knows that had his side not beaten Blackburn Rovers in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday, the pressure would have been cranked up another notch.The Ulsterman, though, says such pressure is par for the course for a Liverpool manager.“Listen, if you manage a big club, that’s what comes with it. That’s what is expected,” he said.“Our performance level, and how we have been working, demonstrated how well we had been playing, but then obviously we lost two games and we were criticised.“That’s the nature of being at a big club. However it (criticism) comes, I always say, whether it’s deserved or undeserved, you won’t like it but you’ve got to find the solutions and the ideas to get back winning again. That’s what we did, and will look to continue.”A general view of Wembley Stadium from Wembley WayThat will begin against Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night, before Liverpool head for Wembley and their FA Cup semi final with Aston Villa.Victory there would give Rodgers his first major final as a manager and would, in his opinion, underline the development of his young team.He said: “It shows the steps that we have made in the last couple of years.“With very young players, a very young team with lots of transitions, we took the title down to the very last game of last season. Our objective this year, clearly, was to challenge for trophies. And now we’re in our second semi-final.“It shows there is progress, and I think the players here know that progress is being made. For us, it is just about reinforcing that and then making the next step.“Of course when you don’t have players with great experience, it takes a wee bit longer. But sometimes you’ve got to go through bad times, or lose important games, in order to become a winner.“For us, it was very clear that the objective this year was to win a trophy, and as you can see we are doing everything we can, and the players are putting themselves in the positions to compete for these things.“If we win, it will be another stride forward for us and then we can really hopefully push on in every competition next year.”
General : Two people die in Mombasa following a cholera outbreakTwo people among them a one and a half year old baby have died in Mombasa County following the outbreak of cholera. The relatives of the deceased say the incident occurred after the victims ate food at a local kiosk in Likoni area before they started vomiting and diarrhoea. Dr. Said Mohamed of coast general hospital told NTV that the baby's father is also admitted at the hospital and is responding to medication. Dr. Mohamed says so far the facility has received four cases of cholera hailing from Likoni and Mshomoroni in Kisauni.
THE roar erupted from the crowd packed outside Dunblane Cathedral yesterday as if Andy Murray had just won another Wimbledon.But this time the tennis superstar has won something much more important.His beautiful bride Kim Sears was by his side as they emerged from tying the knot yesterday to bask in the goodwill and good wishes of his home town.The champion tennis player has always been the prince of the Stirlingshire town.And the fans who’ve cheered him on ­throughout his career came out in force to wish him luck for the biggest match of his life.Andy tied the knot with Kim, his girlfriend of 10 years, as hundreds lined the streets around the 12th century cathedral.His past, her future, their present all wrapped up in a surge of love and affection on the tennis star’s home turf.Excitement has been building all week in the place Andy left as a young man.Every shop along the high street and every conversation yesterday was dominated by the wedding of the year. No, make that the ­wedding of the decade.“He brought thousands of tiny tennis balls with him,” said Audrey Melrose, 54, from Dunblane, as the hailstones fell.All day, blue sky turned to grey and back to blue again.Andy made his way into the cathedral from the front as fans from home and ­further afield tried to catch a glimpse of the man of the moment.One of Andy Murray’s old teachers was among the people lining the streets of tiny Kinbuck, near Cromlix hotel, where the couple celebratred their reception.Ann Hale joined friends and fellow ­Kinbuck residents Christine Durnan and Barbara Young to give the couple a wave as they drove through the village en route to the venue.Kinbuck is just a couple of miles north of Dunblane – and only a minute down the road from Cromlix.Ann, Christine and Barbara made a banner wishing the new couple good luck – and enjoyed a glass of champage as they drove past.Ann, who taught history at Dunblane High School said: “Both Andy and his brother Jamie were lovely boys.“Their mum Judy, was very supportive towards the school.“We thought we would come out today and wave and raise a glass to Kim and Andy as the drove past.“We’re all very proud of what Andy has achieved and we all wish them the very best for the future.”The sun shone brightly and Andy looked handsome in a kilt. Brother Jamie wore a matching outfit.Three bridesmaids got out of their Bentley with Kim’s mum Leonnie to cheers and applause. All wore dusky pink gowns. Two had shawls and one wore a feather boa.Kim, who looked ­breathtaking in his her white gown, was forced to hotfoot it through a side entrance as the heavens opened up and soaked well-wishers.As she stepped out of a silver Rolls Royce, her bridesmaids rushed to make sure her dress didn’t touch the ground.A white brolly – which they used to try and protected the bride from the rain – buckled under a stong gust of wind by the time she reached the door. However the gloomy weather wasn’t enough to dampen the feel-good factor which close to fever pitch.At one point, the weather was so bad that Dunblane Sports Club – where Andy played as a youngster – was covered in snow.Tennis coach Fiona Bennie,51, said: “We could write another good luck message in the snow. I was dying to see Kim. She’s beautiful.”It was possible to count on one hand the number of shops on the High Street that hadn’t turned their displays over to Andy and Kim.Cards, dresses, good luck messages, bunting and pictures all helped to express the goodwill felt for the local hero and his bride.Even the local cafe owner tried to pass off the tomato and basil soup as “Andy Murray” tomato and basil soup.“There are a few boxes of confetti left,” said Peter Meldrum in his local newsagents.“I’ve had a few of the guests in over the week. They’re very taken with Dunblane. It has been great for the town.”The pub closest to the cathedral was bustling with punters. Some no doubt reminiscing about their own big days. But others were there just to catch a glimpse of Andy and Kim.Audrey Currie,49, travelled two hours from Castle Douglas with her husband Eric,49, for the wedding.She said: “I got an early 50th birthday gift of a trip to Wimbledon last year and I saw Andy on Court One. So travelling two hours up the road was easy.Plenty did. Plenty more wiped away a tear and even more cheered for ­Scotland’s royal couple.Everyone agreed it was a wedding to suit everyone.Lavish is not often used to describe Andy’s taste – after all, he marked one birthday in Burger King.But it was the wedding that had captured the nation’s heart.It arrived a little faster than a second British Wimbledon winner since Fred Perry.Bells chimed at 5.38pm to let the the waiting crowds know that the happy couple were on their way.And if this match is anything to go by it’ll almost certainly be a happy ever after.Try your hand at our showbiz quiz
The leaders of the US and Cuba have held their first formal meeting in more than half a century - clearing the way for a thawing of relations that seemed unthinkable to citizens of both countries only a few years ago.US President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro met in a small conference room in Panama, where they sat side by side.Mr Obama said the event was "obviously a historic meeting", adding that his country was ready to "turn the page" with Cuba on the past.He said: "It was my belief it was time to try something new, that it was important for us to engage with Cuban government. And, more importantly, with Cuban people."He thanked Mr Castro for his "spirit of openness" but warned that significant differences still remain.Mr Castro said he was ready to discuss issues such as human rights and press freedom, saying: "Everything can be on the table."But he warned that the two countries may "agreed to disagree" at times, adding that both sides must be "very patient".The meeting was held on the sideline of the Summit of the Americas, which this year included Cuba for the first time.It was not publicly announced in advance but White House officials had suggested the two leaders were hoping for an opportunity to meet while in Panama.The meeting came just hours after the two shared a handshake as the summit opened.Four months ago Mr Castro and Mr Obama simultaneously announced an ending of hostilities.It is expected that the US will soon agree to remove Cuba's name from its list of state sponsors of terrorism, something that would also open the door to loans and aid for the South American nation after decades of suffering under the trade embargo.Fidel Castro came to power in 1959 after overthrowing the US-backed dictator Fulgencio Batista.For half a century, the leader of the first communist country in the western hemisphere was a thorn in America's side.In 2006, after abdominal surgery, he started the transfer of power to his brother Raul, who took the landmark step in 2014 of appearing with the US  President.
Cord leader Raila Odinga and his co-principal Kalonzo Musyoka now want President Barack Obama and the US government to support the push to have Kenyan soldiers withdrawn from Somalia.Mr Odinga and Mr Musyoka, who held talks with two US senators that are part of a delegation visiting the country, pleaded for total American support for the campaign to have Kenyan troops, who are part of an African Union force, leave Somalia.US senators Chris Coons of Delaware and his New York counterpart Kristen Gillibrand met the two opposition leaders at a dinner hosted by Mr Odinga at his Karen home. Al-Shabaab has been giving the presence of the Kenya Defence Forces in Somalia as an excuse to carry out attacks across the border.The most recent, and one of the deadliest in Kenya’s history, was the killing of 148 people at Garissa University College on April 2. Kenyan forces entered Somalia in October 2011.The meeting came as Deputy President William Ruto said the government had given the United Nations a three-month ultimatum to close Dadaab refugee complex in north-eastern Kenya, which mostly hosts Somali refugees.Mr Ruto said the Jubilee government had started talks with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to shut down the camp. If no agreement is reached the government would use force to close down the vast camps in Dadaab.The Un refugee agency said in February there were at least 335,000 refugees in the camp, but some reports say they are close to 500,000.“If the UN does not move them within the next three months, we will go there with buses and lorries and remove them,” Mr Ruto said.The DP spoke during the opening of a technical training institute in Mukurwe-ini. He said the government would be seeking the approval of Parliament to allocate more resources to the Security docket.“We will do whatever it takes to secure our country even if it means losing business with Somalia. Our aim is to make the country secure for our people,” he said.This comes in the week in which the building of a wall between Mandera and Somalia along the Kenya-Somali boarder started. The Somali government has protested that it was not consulted. The wall seeks to deter terrorists from crossing into Kenya from the war-damaged country to breed extremists.“The same way 9/11 changed America is the way the shooting of the university students will change Kenya,” he said.In Nairobi, the two opposition leaders told the American lawmakers that Kenyan casualties in the battle to secure Somalia had reached unimaginable figures and caused deep pain.The Kenyan leaders asked the US to rally the international community to push for other countries to move into Somalia so Kenya Defence Forces can pull out.“We moved in there out of frustration and a feeling that the international community was too slow. Our position in Opposition that we now need to retreat and secure our borders,” Mr Odinga said.
Trucks and heavy commercial vehicles passing through Nairobi from east to west will from next week on Friday be banned from using Mombasa Road and Waiyaki Way during the day.This comes after new measures to tame traffic jams in the city that saw the closure of five roundabouts and right turns on a number of junctions this week appear not to have yielded the desired results.“The reason why bypasses were constructed was to prevent trucks from passing though the city centre and it is time they were put to use,” said the governor.The Southern Bypass, which is still incomplete, would be upgraded between Ole Sereni Hotel and Langata Road in order to make it motorable when the new rule takes effect.The road is among at least five others that are bearing the brunt of increased traffic following the introduction of the no right turn rule.Worst affected are residents from Eastlands and the Southern sections of Nairobi  who have been forced to bear with increased traffic as more vehicles divert to these areas in order to escape the gridlock on Mombasa Road and Waiyaki Way following the introduction of the no right turn rule.The two roads, which cut across the capital, serve as the main entrance and exits points to the city from upcountry and the Coast. Any significant increase or decrease in traffic flow affects the four other main tributaries, Ngong, Langata, Thika and Jogoo roads, bringing the capital city to a near standstill.For instance, a number of motorists coming to town this week from Mombasa Road were diverted at City Cabanas on to Outering Road and then Jogoo Road in an effort to escape the traffic.Others have been using the Southern Bypass, on to Langata Road before Joining Mbagathi Way and Valley Road in order to reach the city centre, putting pressure on these roads which are themselves notorious for traffic jams.In addition since vehicles headed to Rongai and Langata can no longer join Langata Road at the Nyayo Stadium roundabout most of them opt to join the road using Ngong Road into Mbagathi road instead of going all the way to South B flyover and then turning back two kilometres if they were to use Mombasa road.“The jam you are seeing is caused by lack of courtesy and bad driving habits. Let us give it time; once people get used to the new systems, traffic will flow smoothly,” said Dr Kidero.However, this decision has faced resistance from Nairobi Senator Mike Sonko who insisted that the national and county governments should consider starting the elevated highway instead of using shortcuts.“During the Tenth Parliament of which I was an MP, the World Bank gave money to construct an overpass from Westlands to the Airport but it stalled because of integrity issues and acquisition of land for the project; this is what the government needs to be looking at,” he told the Sunday Nation.Construction of the elevated highway was to start in 2013 at a cost of $200 million funded by the World Bank. The project failed after the bank pulled out over concerns about Strabag, a consortium selected by the government that was to build the express highway and collect fees for use on a 30-year concession deal.
UPDATE: POLICE are investigating a serious four vehicle traffic crash that occurred in Gootchie earlier yesterday.Investigations suggest around 10.30am, a sedan was travelling southbound along the Bruce Highway, 20km south of Tiaro before it crossed to the other side of the road before hitting a second sedan.As a result of the collision, the second sedan collided with a guard rail and then ricocheted to the opposite side of the road before colliding with the rear of a trailer being towed by a truck and then head-on into a third sedan.READ MORE OF THE LATEST QUEENSLAND NEWSThe 48-year-old male driver of the second sedan was taken to Gympie Hospital in a serious condition while the 45-year-old female passenger was flown to the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital in a critical condition.A 16-year-old female passenger of the third sedan was flown to Nambour Hospital in a serious condition while a 17-year-old female passenger was transported to Gympie Hospital with minor injuries.The Bruce Highway at the incident location was closed for approximately four and a half hours.Investigations into the crash are continuing.YESTERDAY: Two people have been airlifted to hospital after a four-car crash at Gootchie, south of Tiaro, with one woman in a critical condition.The RACQ Careflight and EMQ rescue helicopters flew to the scene of the crash, which happened about 10.30am on Saturday.The flight doctor and flight intensive care paramedics worked to stabilise the woman before airlifting her to the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital in a critical condition.Speaking at the scene, Sergeant Steve Webb from the Wide Bay Forensic Crash Unit said investigators already had a clear idea of how the crash had unfolded."The initial inquiries show that a black sedan that was travelling southbound  has drifted on the incorrect side of the road and collided with a blue sedan that was travelling northbound."That sedan in turn has collided with another southbound sedan and somewhere in the mix someone has hit a semi-trailer and caused relatively minor damage to that vehicle."Sgt Webb said several people involved in the crash had sustained serious injuries."Well at this stage the people in the blue car behind me have been taken to hospital. The passenger is in a critical condition. The other is in a serious condition and another young woman is in a serious condition as well.When asked if those involved in the crash were lucky to have escaped with their lives, Sgt Webb replied "well yes - at this stage"."One's been flown to Brisbane," he said."It could have been a lot worse."Sgt Webb said he made no apologies for closing the highway for a few hours to deal with the aftermath of the crash."We've got to gather our evidence," he said."Unfortunately that's the nature of driving on the road nowadays."If something like this happens, you'll have to wait, I make no apologies for it."Sgt Webb said he could preach road safety until he was blue in the face."I mean, what have I got to say?" he said."This is the second serious crash I've been to in a week."We send out the same message all the time."You know, these tragedies are avoidable."The highway remains closed in both directions.EARLIER YESTERDAY: A serious four-vehicle traffic crash at Gootchie has closed the Bruce Hwy in both directions.The crash happened on the Oaky Creek Bridge, near the intersection of Deveron Rd , about 15km south of Tiaro.The highway will be closed for several hours and motorists are being advised to seek alternative routes.Please note: police information initially indicated that three cars were involved.
X Factor’s Stacey Solomon leaves TV daredevil Steve-O seeing stars – and stripes – as they smooch in the sand.The couple sheltered ­behind a windbreak as the USA-based star kissed his national flag on Stacey’s jumper.But there was no hiding their ­happiness as they relaxed after surfing at Newquay beach in Cornwall.Big-hearted Steve-O, 40, even took time out to swing around ­Stacey’s seven-year-old son Zachary.The active pair met in ­Austria ­competing on Channel 4’s ­winter sports show The Jump.They wisely decided to swap the chilly slopes of Austria for the balmy shores of Cornwall.Enjoying the good weather, Jackass star Steve-O, real name Stephen Glover, tried his hand at surfing - ticking off something on his bucket list.He wrote on Facebook: “I wanted to be able to say I went surfing in England, so my sweetheart arranged a three day vacation in Cornwall for us.”Last week the Sunday People showed 25-year-old Stacey, also mum to­ Leighton, 2, meeting the star of the daredevil Jackass movies at ­Heathrow.It is still early days for Steve-O and the former I’m A ­Celebrity champ but their relationship is showing no signs of flagging any time soon.
Members of the Siaya County Assembly on Saturday rejected a condolence message sent by President Uhuru Kenyatta to the family of a Garissa attack victim.Speaking at the burial of Prisca Auma Wayodi, who was pursuing a degree in Education Arts, the ward representatives described Mr Kenyatta’s letter as an insult to families of the victims.Siaya Deputy County Commissioner Peter Jumwa then gave the letter to Prisca’s parents without reading it.Mr James Obiero Otare (Siaya Township), Leonard Oriaro (Central Alego) and Mr Christopher Apiyo of South Uyoma asked the President to resign for failing to protect Kenyans.“We do not want the President’s speech to be read to the public since he is the one who has failed to provide Kenyans with adequate security,” said Mr Otare.The ward reps criticised Jubilee’s Nyumba Kumi security plan, saying it had failed before it could be launched. Mr Oriaro asked the government to fully devolve security to the counties.Prisca’s father Thomas Wayodi, a teacher at Rarieda Uyore Primary School, eulogised his daughter as an industrious, hardworking and aggressive young woman.
Brendan Rodgers insists that top players still regard Liverpool as an elite force in world football.The Reds’ quest for a Champions League place and FA Cup glory has been clouded by their failure to persuade Raheem Sterling to sign a new contract. And in recent years, Fernando Torres and Luis Suarez have made big-money departures to further their ambitions.After losing out to Arsenal in the race to sign Alexis Sanchez last year, Liverpool’s chances of landing stellar names this summer to offset the loss of Steven Gerrard will fade further if they are unable to clinch a place in the Premier League’s top four.But Rodgers said: “Liverpool will always be an attractive offer for players, whether we are in the Champions League or not. People think you cannot attract players if you are not in the Champions League, but Liverpool will always be a huge attraction.“That’s not just because of the history of the club, but also because of what we are trying to do here. Players will look at us and see a team and squad evolving, and they will want to be a part of that.”The one that got away: Sanchez could have played FOR Liverpool at Arsenal last weekLiverpool face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday, desperately clinging on to the hope that they can overhaul at least one of the Manchester clubs after defeats to United and Arsenal put an end to an impressive surge to the top four.But after clinching a Wembley semi-final date with Aston Villa by beating Blackburn in midweek, Rodgers believes his side can prove in the coming weeks that they are still a force.Rodgers said: “It’s natural that every player, coach and manager would love to work in the Champions League. There are players here who spent a long time not being in the Champions League.“We were in it this year, we loved the competition, and we want to be there consistently over a number of years. Most players, of course, want to play at that level, but they also want to know their game is improving and they will get the opportunity to play football.“It boils down to that, as well as the other things.“But this is one of the greatest clubs in the world and this club will always be an attraction for a player.”He added: “We took the title down to the very last game of last season and our objective this time has been to challenge for trophies. We are now in our second semi-final of the season, and I think that shows we are making progress.“All the players here believe there is progress being made, but we don’t have many players with great experience, so sometimes winning things takes a wee bit longer.“Sometimes you have to go through bad times or lose important games in order become a winner.”
Health insurers are making one last push to get thousands of younger people to sign up by again cutting the cost of cover and offering discounts for those in their 20s.New late-entry levies on health insurance policies will kick in after the end of this month. This will see those over the age of 34 paying penalties on their premiums if they take out health insurance for the first time.The four health insurers are now hoping that up to 60,000 people will be forced to take out health cover for the first time to avoid the penalties.In a bid to capture the new recruits, two of the insurers have cut the cost of entry-level policies.Laya Healthcare is launching Assure First at a cost of €395 per adult, with free cover for children, according to broker Dermot Goode of TotalHealthCover.ie. The plan covers all public hospitals, but not private ones. Most entry-level plans only cover a select number of public hospitals.And GloHealth has just lunched Base Lite which costs €394 a year for adults and covers most public hospitals.The plan includes a semi-private room in selected public hospitals, but subscribers must pay the hospital bill first and claim the cost back off the insurer, Mr Goode said.All four insurers are now offering discounts of up to 50pc for those in their 20s, he said.From the start of May, discounts of 50pc will be on offer for 21-year-olds, falling to 10pc for 25-year-olds.A change in the law last year means insurers can offer discounts to those in their 20s.Mr Goode added: "Student rates are being abolished, but there will still be reduced pricing available from all insurers for adults between 18 and 20."There are just two weeks left before new penalties come in for those who leave it until they are over 34 to take out cover for the first time.Health insurers have yet to see a surge in new business, but Mr Goode said he did not expect a rise in premiums if an avalanche of new members fails to materialise.And he warned that the new entry-level schemes are not high-quality insurance plans.Many of these plans do not cover all public hospitals, so consumers need to ensure their preferred hospital is on the list."Basically, the insurers have stripped everything possible off these plans to achieve these rates. If your sole objective is to avoid the loadings, then you should consider one of the entry-level plans," Mr Goode said.He added that the new low-cost plans cover the public hospital charge of €75 per night, which is a maximum of €750 every 12 months.The new entry-level plans also cover the private charge in public hospitals of €813 per night. But those who want quality cover for public and private hospitals would need to spend at least €890 a year per adult, he said.
Chairman of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) Technical and Development Committee, Felix Anyansi-Agwu has expressed joy in the qualifications of the U-23 National Team and the Senior Women’s Team for both the football event of this year’s All Africa Games.Siasia’s U23 edged Zambia 2-1 in Lusaka on Sunday to qualify for the Men’s Football Tournament of the Games on a 2-1 aggregate, two days after the Super Falcons had whipped their counterparts from Mali 8-0 in Abuja to reach the women’s event on 9-1 aggregate.The member of the NFF Executive Committee was delighted as both teams returned to the football events of the continental Games, from which they were missing four years ago.“You will remember very well that four years ago, none of the two teams made it to the All-Africa Games held in Mozambique. Their qualification this time, coming within two days of each other, speaks volumes. This is also a sign of the good and great things coming very soon to Nigeria football,” said Anyansi-Agwu.“I want to put these feats down to the exceptional leadership style of the NFF President, Mr. Amaju Melvin Pinnick, who has continuously harped on the need to build sustainable football culture as well as earn good results on the international front, and has been leading us all to work assiduously in that direction.”
Florida Senator Marco Rubio has announced his bid for the Republican nomination in the 2016 US presidential election race.Speaking at a rally in Miami, he said the presidential election was "a generational choice" and warned against going back to "the leaders and ideas of the past".
The country's most senior woman banker is moving on. Ulster Bank's Ellvena Graham has called it a day after 33 years with the bank she joined in Belfast in 1982 straight out of school.Testament to her advanced multi-tasking skills, the departing woman will be replaced by two men.Ellvena Graham worked most recently as managing director of SME Banking for Ulster Bank as a whole and as the bank's Northern Ireland head.As the public face of Ulster Bank in the North she took the heat at Stormont over the bank's botched communication of major job cuts last year, a crisis she diffused with clarity and an apology. She is off to pursue other interests and will join Ulster Bank's board as a non executive director in the coming months.Richard Donnan is taking over as managing director of Ulster's SME, corporate and institutional business in Northern Ireland, in addition to his current responsibility for retail banking nationally, and Eddie Cullen will take over the SME business in the Republic, where he is already responsible for corporate and institutional banking.Would you like to work in the financial services industry? You might want to think again, because, according to a recent survey, the work is boring, wages are stagnant and your co-workers are less than inspiring.The study by Options Group, the findings of which were published by the 'Financial Times' yesterday, showed that just one-fifth of those who took part said they were content with their job. Gordon Gekko stuff it ain't, it seems. Half of the 100 people that were interviewed, who were mostly in senior positions in banks and stockbrokers, said there were roundly unhappy.The survey, now in its fifth year, has produced consistently downbeat findings amid mass job cuts and a big regulatory squeeze since the crisis, said Jessica Lee, an Options Group director"In an environment where pay and bonus pools are stagnant, brute politics and internal credit-stealing are ascendant," one anonymous investment banker was quoted as saying.Other reasons for low job satisfaction included a proliferation of rules turning brokers into "utilities" and "greedy senior managers" that are only interested in protecting their own perks.Pick a career in journalism instead. Your co-workers will be terribly charming.Who doesn't love a pint of Guiness? Nothing is quite as associated with Irish-ness and our diddly dee image abroad as a good 'ol pint of the Black Stuff, to be sure to be sure, meaning that the power of the Guiness brand has long been coveted as a sponsor.It would come as no surprise to the majority then that Guinness has emerged as Ireland's most appealing sponsor so far in 2015.The finding was made in the latest release of the quarterly Irish public sponsorship pulse from Dublin-based sponsorship agency Onside,Guiness beat off competition from the likes of Vodafone, SuperValu, AIB and Bank of Ireland to claim the top spot.One in 10 of the public named the brand as the best sponsor in the market in the year's first quarter.With rugby clearly at play in the sponsor line-up revealed by the latest Onside public survey, Pro12 and 6 Nations sponsor Guinness was also joined by 3Mobile, Aviva and RBS/Ulster Bank in terms of appealing most to the Irish public.Despite some strong rivals also vying for the number one spot, it comes as no surprise to the Punt that Guiness managed to top the pile in terms of coveted sponsors.Despite the fact that its creator, Arthur Guinness, was a committed Unionist and the company considered disassociating itself from its Irish reputation as recently as the 1980s, shure didn't O'Bama himself give his pint the thumbs up when he visited in 2012, begorrah!
'It's a disgrace, Joe. I'm sitting here in central Dublin on my pathetic 150Mbs broadband service. When are they upgrading us to the 1,000Mbs speeds that the fat cats in Cavan and Athlone and Portlaoise have? How long do we have to suffer this two-tier broadband society?"It may seem an unlikely complaint. But it is a quirk of the regional fibre broadband arms race that a million people in 50 towns outside Dublin and Cork will soon have access to far faster broadband than their city cousins.Make no mistake about it: the fibre-to-the-home broadband that will be launched to 500,000 homes and businesses around the country over the coming months and years will make our present city connections look quaint.There'll even be competition. Eircom is dead set on going toe-to-toe with the ESB-Vodafone joint venture's fibre launches in the same 50 towns. That means a choice of so-called 'gigabit' connections, the Holy Grail of strategic broadband planning in the globe's top internet countries.And there's serious investment, too. ESB-Vodafone (which doesn't have a trading name yet) is spending €450m. Eircom is spending its own €400m. And that's before the Government's (entirely separate) €500m National Broadband Plan, a pledge to connect every rural household to fibre broadband by 2020.That's a lot of money on a lot of fibre broadband over the next couple of years. And it's without counting a separate €600m investment plan to upgrade mobile networks to 4G.There's no let-up. ESB-Vodafone is talking about a further 300 towns and villages for the fibre service, work that could begin next year. Ironically, this could leave the Government with a strategic headache.If an additional 300 towns and villages are being considered in ESB-Vodafone's fibre plans, will those villages still be included in the state-subsidised National Broadband Plan rollout?The Government's 30Mbs rural broadband is only for areas not included in private operators' plans. One way or the other, residents outside cities look set to benefit.
A property company controlled by Galway developer John Lally has reduced the value of a site it bought for over €100m by a further €13m.The South Dublin site was reportedly bought for more than €100m by Brackville Holdings in 2006. Brackville is part of the Lalco group, which is controlled by Mr Lally.The company had planned to construct almost 600 apartments, a 189-bedroom hotel, offices and shops on the five-acre site that was formerly occupied by a company called FAAC Electronics in Sandyford. Brackville applied for planning permission from Dún Laoghaire/Rathdown county council in 2007, however the project failed to materialise.Brackville raised as much as €25m in equity from private clients of Goodbody Stockbrokers to finance the acquisition and planned development of the site.Accounts just filed by the company for the 12 months to the end of 2013 show that show that the company incurred a loss of €12.9m for the year.That brought the firm's net liability to €175.6m at the end of the period.Accounts filed for Brackville said: "The outlook for the property market has materially declined since the site was acquired and the value of the asset has declined."Brackville's loans were previously transferred to the loans have been transferred to the National Asset Management Agency (Nama). The company has now agreed a repayment plan with Nama that is set to conclude in 2020.The accounts say that the company is now working with both its lenders, Nama and Ulster Bank, and state that the company directors "believe it [Brackville] still has their continuing support".However, it noted that no formal financial commitment had been received from Ulster Bank at the time the accounts were filed. The accounts added that the value of the site should increase when planning permission is secured.In 2008, a unit of Irish Life sued Lalco's parent firm for its failure to complete a €74m purchase of a Dublin site in Sandyford for which a €15m deposit had been paid.Mr Lally also emerged in 2006 as having paid €25m to Renata Coleman for Humewood Castle in Co Wicklow.Mr Lally was unavailable for comment at the time of publication.
A cinema equipment supply company is suing a number of companies in the Irish Multiplex Cinemas (IMC) group over alleged failure to pay for equipment including projectors, sound systems and 3D systems.Cinetech, Ballycoolin, Dublin, has brought the action against IMC Tallaght, Dundalk Multiplex Cinemas; IMC (Mullingar), Galway Multiplex, Laguna Entertainments and IMC.An application to have the case admitted to the High Court's fast track Commercial Court list was refused by Judge Brian McGovern after he ruled he was exercising his discretion to do so on grounds of delay by Cinetech in bringing the case. It now proceeds through the normal High Court list.In an affidavit, Cinetech company secretary Alan Godden says his company has been providing equipment to the IMC group since 2001.The group is run by a number of individuals including Paul Ward and Lorcan Ward, he says.He says among the debts owed are €483,000 from the Tallaght company, some €426,000 from IMC Ltd, and €260,000 from Galway Multiplex.
Apple has reportedly approached more than a dozen musicians, including British band Florence and the Machine, in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be featured on Apple's new planned streaming service Beats.The company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June, according to Bloomberg.Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, the report said.Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months and will reportedly offer a $9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $14.99.
The big chill continues as an Antarctic air mass crosses New Zealand, but the snow and thunderstorms are set to ease.The cold snap shows how vulnerable New Zealand is to air masses coming up from the south, but was not an indication of a long hard winter, Meteorologist John Law said."This will be very short lived. If it was for a longer period, it would be more of an issue," he said.Snow fall this early in the year was certainly unusual, if not exceptional.Snow fell on State Highway 1 across the Desert Road overnight as temperatures in the lower North Island dropped to the coldest this year.Did you feel the chill? Send your newstips, photos and video to newstips@stuff.co.nzAuckland experienced the worst of a storm sweeping over the northern North Island early on Tuesday morning, with MetService recording 54 lightning strikes over the City of Sails.Although it would have given some people a fright, it wasn't a large number compared to days when thousands of strikes were recorded, Law said.Another burst of thunderstorms and blustery, cold winds is set to keep the city to an unseasonably cold 15 degrees Celsius.The bulk of thunderstorms passed between 4am and 5am, leaving reports of fallen trees, but the Fire Service and police said they received no calls for weather-related incidents in Auckland overnight, and no power outages were reported.Stormy weather passed over Taranaki this morning with lightning strikes detected around 5am. Showers were lingering in southern parts of the region.Wellington woke to temperatures between 2C and 7C and a dusting of snow on the Tararua Ranges.Waiouru in the central North Island dropped to -1C, and snow on the nearby Desert Road was falling to as low as 600 metres above sea level and settling above 800m.Tuesday night and Wednesday morning are also expected to be cold before temperatures rise as the weekend approaches.While Waiouru recorded the coldest temperature in the North Island, Tekapo in the South Island recorded New Zealand's overnight low of -3C.Otago and Banks Peninsula had snow showers on Monday night, which are expected to ease on Tuesday.Christchurch dropped to 2C overnight, with snow settling in inland parts of Canterbury and Banks Peninsula, and the Southern Alps getting a fresh coating.Snow also settled in Methven overnight, while MetService said there snow was reported in other inland areas of Canterbury including Oxford, Darfield, Sheffield and Springfield.Showers are expected to continue in Christchurch on Tuesday morning accompanied by strong, cool southwesterlies and a high of 12C.The heaviest snowfalls are expected in Southland and southern parts of Fiordland and Otago, especially Clutha.Roads have been reopened around the lower South Island, including SH94 Te Anau to Milford South which was earlier closed owing to icy conditions, the NZ Transport Agency said.  Cautions were still in place for main roads around Queenstown, Invercargill, and Dunedin.
The playoffs may be a new season, but T. J. Brodie’s job will remain the same from the National Hockey League’s regular season: move the puck to the up to set up chances for the forwards and jump into the play when the opportunity arises.“This year we wanted to be offensive from the back end. That meant moving the puck to create chances and be the fourth guy. I think it’s worked out well for us,” said the 24-year-old, who has just wrapped up his fourth regular season on the Calgary Flames’ blueline.Like a lot of his teammates, Brodie makes his Stanley Cup debut on Wednesday when the Flames open the Western Conference quarter-finals in Vancouver against the Canucks. That debut comes after 266 regular season games played without experience the playoffs at all.Brodie is a crucial part of the Flames offence along from the blueline spot along with Dennis Wideman and Brodie’s injured regular partner, captain Mark Giordano. Brodie contributed 11 goals and 30 assists in 82 games and his goal output exceeded the nine he scored in total in his previous 185 games with the Flames.If head coach Bob Hartley’s plan this season was for the defence to be a big part of the offence, the statistics shows that happened. Wideman, Giordano and Brodie ranked fourth through sixth, respectively, in team scoring during the regular season, while Kris Russell was eighth.Nothing changes for the playoffs, said Brodie.“We don’t want to play on our heels, we want to play the same way we played all year because it’s the reason why we are here,” he said.“The plan is to make the other team to play a 200-foot game while we try to create offence when we can.”The only thing that changed for Brodie over the course of the season was his partner. With Giordano out, he’s been paired with Deryk Engelland, a 33-year-old veteran, who joined the Flames for 2014-15 after spending five seasons with the Pittsburgh Penguins.“Offensively things are the same, but changing sides going from right side to the left side was a bit of an adjustment,” he said. “There’s always things from that aspect that I can get better at and I can figure out over time and that’s what I’ve been trying to do.”With Brodie being offensive-minded, it means Engelland, then, is the stay-at-home guy.“(T.J.’s) been great all year and he’s an elite defenceman in this league and my game plan to try and give him as much space as I can and let him go to work,” he said.“He supports the rush 95 per cent of the time, so I have to try and give him a little bit of time and he’ll try to do the rest.”
A renewable energy group has labelled the loss of more than 900 jobs from the sector in WA "extremely disappointing".Figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) showed the number of full-time jobs in the industry in WA had dropped from 1,740 in 2011/12 to 820 in 2013/14.Nationally there had been a reduction of 2,300 jobs.The WA Renewable Energy Alliance said the impasse on the Federal Government's renewable energy target (RET) was almost entirely to blame for the job losses.The major parties are locked in a stand-off over lowering the target.Chairman Richard Harris said the uncertainty was holding up more than $1 billion of investment in WA over the next five years alone, along with thousands of jobs."The investment is ready to go and there are jobs ready to be created but we can't do anything until that impasse is sorted," he said.He said WA's renewable energy sector was going backwards, and that was a "shame"."There's huge opportunities in WA for solar, biomass and wind projects and moving beyond just having solar on rooftops to having large-scale solar projects powering our economy," he said.The ABS figures showed WA's solar industry lost 760 jobs between 2011/12 and 2013/14.Mr Harris said medium-sized solar companies were the most affected, as they had set up in the hope of expanding from the residential solar panel market into the commercial sector for large projects such as shopping centres and industrial buildings.However, he said businesses have had to let go of staff because the projects were not starting."Those companies that were geared up for growth on the basis of a bipartisan policy of a renewable energy target, that growth just is not there," he said.Mr Harris said while the RET was a federal issue, the State Government should be showing some leadership."We could have most of our energy coming from renewable energy sources in the next decade," he said."That's something the WA Government should be having a good look at."He said the downturn in mining was an opportunity for investment to be directed into clean energy.
INDYCAR officials say a pit crew member who was hit by a car Sunday during the inaugural IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana has received six stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.Tire changer Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was sent flying when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel.Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips’ leg. Phillips was taken to the infield care centre for treatment.Many cars struggled with traction during the race after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag.Dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd.
The big chill continues as an Antarctic air mass crosses New Zealand, but the snow and thunderstorms are set to ease.The cold snap shows how vulnerable New Zealand is to air masses coming up from the south, but was not an indication of a long hard winter, Meteorologist John Law said."This will be very short lived. If it was for a longer period, it would be more of an issue," he said.Snow fall this early in the year was certainly unusual, if not exceptional.Snow fell on State Highway 1 across the Desert Road overnight as temperatures in the lower North Island dropped to the coldest this year.Did you feel the chill? Send your newstips, photos and video to newstips@stuff.co.nzAuckland experienced the worst of a storm sweeping over the northern North Island early on Tuesday morning, with MetService recording 54 lightning strikes over the City of Sails.Although it would have given some people a fright, it wasn't a large number compared to days when thousands of strikes were recorded, Law said.Another burst of thunderstorms and blustery, cold winds is set to keep the city to an unseasonably cold 15 degrees Celsius.The bulk of thunderstorms passed between 4am and 5am, leaving reports of fallen trees, but the Fire Service and police said they received no calls for weather-related incidents in Auckland overnight, and no power outages were reported.Stormy weather passed over Taranaki this morning with lightning strikes detected around 5am. Showers were lingering in southern parts of the region.Wellington woke to temperatures between 2C and 7C and a dusting of snow on the Tararua Ranges.Waiouru in the central North Island dropped to -1C, and snow on the nearby Desert Road was falling to as low as 600 metres above sea level and settling above 800m.Tuesday night and Wednesday morning are also expected to be cold before temperatures rise as the weekend approaches.While Waiouru recorded the coldest temperature in the North Island, Tekapo in the South Island recorded New Zealand's overnight low of -3C.Otago and Banks Peninsula had snow showers on Monday night, which are expected to ease on Tuesday.Christchurch dropped to 2C overnight, with snow settling in inland parts of Canterbury and Banks Peninsula, and the Southern Alps getting a fresh coating.Snow also settled in Methven overnight, while MetService said there snow was reported in other inland areas of Canterbury including Oxford, Darfield, Sheffield and Springfield.Showers are expected to continue in Christchurch on Tuesday morning accompanied by strong, cool southwesterlies and a high of 12C.The heaviest snowfalls are expected in Southland and southern parts of Fiordland and Otago, especially Clutha.Roads have been reopened around the lower South Island, including SH94 Te Anau to Milford South which was earlier closed owing to icy conditions, the NZ Transport Agency said.  Cautions were still in place for main roads around Queenstown, Invercargill, and Dunedin.
West African civil society and human rights groups said the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) has kept at least eight pro-democracy activists in secret detention for almost a month. The groups told reporters in Dakar Monday that the Congolese activists must either be formally charged before a judge or immediately released.Several dozen people were arrested in mid-March in Kinshasa and Goma in connection with a pro-democracy youth workshop in the capital. Some were released, but human rights group Amnesty International said others are still detained with no access to lawyers or family. No charges have been filed.At the time of the arrests, the government accused them of conspiring to "destabilize" the country.Amnesty’s Senegal Director, Seydi Gassama, said that accusation is “ridiculous” and “unfounded.” U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) was a sponsor of the event in March, he said, and the government was invited.He said Africans should no longer accept this kind of oppression as an inevitability. In the case of the DRC, he said it is the freedom of expression and the freedom of assembly that are being challenged. Those are fundamental freedoms, he said, without which there is no democracy. In intimidating and arresting these youth, he said the state wants to snuff out this hope that is emerging.Senegalese and regional civil society groups said the government of the DRC is trying to squash dissent ahead of the 2016 elections.Efforts by the ruling party to amend electoral law in January turned deadly as Congolese took to the streets to protest a provision requiring a new census that would have effectively pushed back the vote by several years and allowed President Joseph Kabila to stay in power. He has been in office for 14 years.Rights groups said at least 40 people were killed during the protests and hundreds detained. The Senate removed the provision.West African rights group Article 19 said the DRC government sought to cut off information, including blocking Internet phone and SMS services like Viber from January 12 to February 19.What they were trying to control, said Khady Diallo of Article 19, were spontaneous demonstrations and calls to action going out on social media.Senegalese and Burkinabe pro-democracy activists were arrested alongside their Congolese counterparts at the workshop in March. They had been invited to participate. They were later released and expelled from the DRC.Among them was Fadel Barro, a leader of Senegalese group Y'En A Marre. Y'En A Marre is known for leading protests against President Abdoulaye Wade’s bid for a third mandate in 2012 that ultimately saw him voted out.Barro said they have no information about their detained Congolese counterparts, “absolutely nothing,” he said, not even how many in all are detained. He said some have been released, while more have been arrested. He said we need to investigate who has disappeared because people are afraid. Some activists are in quasi-hiding, he said, and this is not OK. He said the government cannot stop this movement.Civil society groups said they are launching a series of actions to campaign for the Congolese activists’ release, including filing complaints with international human rights authorities and holding demonstrations outside DRC diplomatic missions around the region at the end of the month.
Waikato Police describe the sentencing of Charlie Lackner in the Hamilton High Court today as an appropriate conclusion to a “tragic saga that claimed a young life”.District Field Crime Manager acting detective inspector Ross Patterson says the 33-year-old forestry worker appeared on a murder charge and was sentenced to a life sentence with a minimum non-parole period of 15 years.“On June 15 last year baby Cassius was found with critical head injuries in the family's York St home,” says Ross. “He died a short time after being rushed to Auckland's Starship Hospital.“The death of a child so young always places emotional strain on the families as well as the police and other specialist agencies involved in the case.“While nothing will ever bring him back we hope today's sentencing will bring the family some closure.”On behalf of police, Ross is thanking the families from both sides, local residents and neighbours who provided assistance to the inquiry team during the course of their investigation.He hopes today's sentencing would highlight the importance of people involved in domestic violence or pressure to seek help before things get too much and a tragedy occurs.“There are a raft of organisations, websites and materials available to assist people, the first key step is asking for help.”
Democratic Republic of Congo government forces, which launched an offensive against FDLR rebels in the east of the country a month ago, has been successful in driving the militants out of parts of North and South Kivu provinces, a military spokesman said.Congolese army spokesman General Leon Richard Kasonga said during the weekend the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda (FDLR) - a Rwandan rebel movement whose presence in Congo dates back nearly 20 years - has been driven out of two dozen localities in North and South Kivu provinces.Kasonga said the Congolese army had captured all its military objectives identified in its initial plan. He said they also "neutralized" 185 FDLR combatants, and other armed groups in the process.DRC Foreign Minister Raymond Tshibanda said last week the army is continuing to pursue the FDLR in the forests of eastern Congo.A health worker at Kibirizi, located on the edge of the vast Virunga forest where many of the FDLR are hiding, told VOA there has been fighting nearby and one place General Kasonga mentioned, Kahumiro, is still off limits to civilians.The health worker said there has been a lot of shooting, and he does not know if the FDLR has been dispersed, but there is still a sense of insecurity in the forest and on certain roads.Jason Ntawiha, a local spokesman for the ethnic Hutu community, said the offensive has had limited impact around Kiwanja, another town inside the zone of operations.Ntawiha said the people expected more of an impact by the military offensive. He said people had hoped the rebels would be completely neutralized. Instead, he said the operation appears to have stalled, rebels are still occupying the positions they held before, and there has been an upsurge in kidnappings and banditry.The FDLR is one of about 30 armed groups active in eastern Congo.Ntawiha is concerned the other armed groups have not been targeted by the offensive.In some areas VOA visited, the FDLR forces are still visibly in control. One such area is near Kanyabayonga, in Lubero territory.The FDLR did not want to give interviews or pose for photos, but they allowed VOA to pass through and talk to area residents.One resident, in speaking with a driver for VOA, said a local FDLR commander was having a drink in a bar just a few yards away.At the village of Birundule, a local official said he had to collaborate with the FDLR, and a local chief said while the rebels were taxing the population, they otherwise were not causing trouble.However, a villager, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told VOA the FDLR is causing trouble elsewhere.The villager confirmed reports that, increasingly, the FDLR’s tactic is not to loot villages where they are living, but to go and loot villages some distance away. The villager said people in Birundule are ready for the Congolese army to recapture the village.Birundule is an example of FDLR "governance." About 50 people from a neighboring village, FDLR-controlled Buleusa, have fled to Kanyabayonga in the past few weeks. They said the FDLR replaced the local chief, and about a dozen young men who opposed the rebels have disappeared.On Wednesday local radio reported FDLR rebels killed five people in the same area, including a chief and two of his sons.The DRC army is pursuing its offensive alone, after the U.N. mission in Congo refused to participate because of alleged human rights violations by two Congolese generals, who are leading the push.Meanwhile, MONUSCO chief Martin Kobler called for collaboration to begin again between the DRC government and the U.N. mission in the anti-FDLR offensive.
THE donation that Prophet Healing and Deliverance (PHD) Ministries leader Walter Magaya gave to the Mighty Warriors on the eve of their All-Africa Game second leg football qualifier against Ghana at Rufaro Stadium on Sunday reportedly caused a major rift in the team, which could be the reason for the team’s defeat against the West African nation.Zimbabwe, needing to overturn a 2-1 deficit from the first round, drew the match 2-2 for a 4-3 aggregate loss to miss out on the ticket to the continental showpiece to be hosted by Congo Brazzaville this September.The home side conceded the goals from two defensive mistakes by goalkeeper Chido Dzingirai and Nobuhle Majika, but a source within the team’s technical bench yesterday said the home side’s problems were deeper than on show.The source said the team went to the match heavily divided over Magaya’s $28 100 cash donation that he had made to the squad during his Friday church service in Harare.The “sponsorship package” was accepted by Zifa chief executive officer Jonathan Mashingaidze who was accompanied to the service by the association’s communications manager Xolisani Gwesela, women football executive members Cecilia Gambe and Elizabeth Langa.The rift, according to the source, saw coach Rosemary Mugadza relinquishing her post in the team on Saturday before she was persuaded back.When asked about the reports, Mugadza could neither confirm nor deny.“There is a lot happening in the team. That’s all I can say,” Mugadza said.When asked if she temporarily resigned hours before the match, Mugadza said: “You can talk to Zifa about that.”The Mighty Warriors players have since received their part of the donation, with each member receiving a total $300 in camping and appearance fees.On the day in question, the source said the Mighty Warriors squad was “coerced” to attend the service soon after their final training session at the match venue.“We were told that we should go to Magaya’s service soon after our final training session on Friday so that he would give us an anointing to win the match,” the source said.“But some were against the idea because of different religious beliefs. We have some from the apostolic denomination and it was not fair to force them to attend. We were then told that everyone should attend the service because we were going to receive sponsorship from the church.“We didn’t have a problem with the sponsorship, but we had suggested that those who were comfortable to attend should do so and represent us all.“An argument on that then ensued just outside Rufaro Stadium and this happened in full view of passers-by. The quarrel was a bit embarrassing, actually,” the source said.“We eventually succumbed to the pressure because we were told Mashingaidze was already there waiting for us. The players went to the service without even freshening up. We were all given ‘anointing water’, which some players threw away soon after leaving the church.“I feel there was no reason for everyone to be forced to attend the service because at the end of the day, it caused friction in the team because others were not happy with what was happening. The team is made up of people with different religious beliefs and they should have respected that.”Gwesela confirmed the team attended the Friday church service, but said no one was forced to do so.“We didn’t force anyone,” said Gwesela. “We would like to reiterate that the association is facing financial challenges and thus we don’t turn away any sponsor who would have come forward.“It is our duty as the association that we find sponsors for the team like we did here even if the sponsor is from the moon. I can confirm that we have already paid the costs of the match using the money we got from PHD.”Gwesela added that Magaya had made a pledge to help Zifa in servicing the $81 000 debt owed to former Warriors coach Valinhos. The debt has seen Zimbabwe suspended from the upcoming World Cup qualifiers by Fifa.
The treatment of children at a Queensland orphanage where hundreds of children were sexually abused, beaten and forced into hard labour was "vicious and sadistic", an inquiry has heard.The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse has begun hearings into how the Sisters of Mercy, the Rockhampton diocese and the state government responded to complaints made by former residents of St Joseph's Neerkol Orphanage.The orphanage has already been the subject of several police and government investigations, and a 1999 inquiry led by former Queensland governor Leneen Forde.After the so-called Forde Inquiry, the Queensland government at the time offered ex gratia payments of up to $40,000 to people as long as they dropped other legal action against the state.Over the next two weeks, the royal commission will hear evidence from 18 witnesses, with 13 being former residents of the orphanage who say they were abused by priests, workers, and nuns there from 1940 to 1975.Counsel assisting the royal commission Sophie David SC told the hearing in her opening address that one former resident of the orphanage had described the treatment by the sisters as "vicious and sadistic".She said the children were too scared to tell their stories because they were afraid of harsh punishment.Ms David said the age of children at the orphanage ranged from newborns to 15-year-olds.The number of children resident at Neerkol varied from 150 to 500, depending on the year.The inquiry heard there was serious sexual, physical and emotional abuse of children.In one case, a former resident will give evidence that he was sexually abused by a priest, beaten with instruments and flogged with a whip.Mark Bunting, from support group Lotus Place, said the horrific ordeals of the victims would be painful to recall."For a lot of people, their childhood memories they've tried to forget, it's going to be quite difficult to relive those stories," he said."It wasn't just sexual, there was a lot of physical and emotional abuse, so for a lot of people it'll be very painful."Former Rockhampton bishop Brian Heenan is also expected to appear at the inquiry next week.In 1996, Bishop Heenan outraged the victims of Neerkol by denying their claims about abuse by priests and mistreatment at the orphanage.But in 1997, he was forced to apologise."I regret having expressed my reaction the way I did - I recognise now that they were not accurate," Bishop Heenan said at the time.In a 2003 statement to ABC TVs 7:30 Report, Bishop Heenan said he had "acted at all times with honesty and integrity".In June 2003, a Catholic Church tribunal found the bishop had not seriously violated the church's principles.Central Queensland woman Belinda Brown is petitioning the State Government to reopen the orphanage grounds to the public.She said the site should be used for a public memorial."Unless you [already knew the history], you don't know too much about the place," she said."You have to look into it to find a lot of stuff about it because it's been pushed under the carpet and tried to be kept quiet."A brick wall on the side of the road isn't good enough for the things that happened there - it's not enough recognition for the things that happened."
US researchers have developed a smartphone app that can be used to diagnose cervical cancer and cases of lymphoma.The new app, developed at Harvard Medical School, harnesses several technological advances, including what is essentially a kind of miniature microscope.The head of the cancer program for systems biology at Massachusetts General Hospital and one of the lead researches on the project, Cesar Castro, said the process involved introducing samples of blood or saliva into a small cartridge attached to a smart phone."We secured an extra biopsy from women who were undergoing a cervical biopsy to begin with, because they had a suspicious pap smear previously," he said.Dr Castro said the results of the smart phone module showed a link between readouts of the device with the gold standard of screening effectiveness.The application was also able to detect cases of lymphoma and a range of other diseases."We also extended our work to look at DNA from a virus and so the application could be extended into infectious disease," Dr Castro said.A study detailing the development in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) showed the test was fast and inexpensive.It found a cancer screening test using this application would give a result in less than an hour, for less than $US2.Dr Castro said the application was not designed for the average citizen."We would think these would be in community centres, or at least in areas where there will be a seamless kind of integration into the next step with respect to treatment," he said.Dr Castro said the application required further testing."We can certainly move beyond biopsies and use human blood to align with kind of the current push with wearables and other technologies," he said."Information could then be sent to one provider and that could allow certainly to open the channels of communication."Dr Castro said privacy was still a concern as raw data from the application must be processed by a computer and sent back to the smart phone."That's a concern even with our paper records," he said."And so we believe and are optimistic that the security technologies will evolve in parallel."
Lawyers for Eaton Centre killer Christopher Husbands attempted to save the convicted murderer from possible consecutive life sentences Monday by bringing in an expert to talk of Europe’s penal-system philosophies around parole eligibility.“Prisoners need to have something to look forward to ... (and) everyone is entitled to the right to hope,” said Prof. Dirk Smit, of the United Kingdom’s University of Nottingham, who was referring to a case out of European Court of Human Rights.Husbands, 25, was found guilty of second-degree murder in December after shooting two men in the Eaton Centre’s food court in June 2012. It was a crime that also earned him various other criminal convictions for injuring innocent bystanders, including teenager Connor Stevenson, who was shot in the head and left with life-altering injuries.Crown lawyers are seeking a sentence where Husbands would have to serve two consecutive 25-year terms before becoming eligible for parole. Husbands’ lawyers, however, argue this would be cruel and unusual punishment and a constitutional infringement that would give Husbands no chance to rehabilitate or re-enter society.Smit spent the first day of Husbands’ sentencing hearing on Monday answering questions from defence lawyers and prosecutors about case law and policies in various European countries when it comes to long jail terms without parole for serious crimes.He cited a case out of the European Court of Human Rights that Smit said also speaks about “the means to make themselves better” as an emerging prisoners’ right.But Crown attorney John Pearson questioned Smit if he would agree the greatest infringement of human rights is to murder someone.Yes, murder infringes, but “so do (some) forms of punishment,” Smit replied.Outside court, defence lawyer Dirk Derstine said prison sentences beyond 25 years without possibility of parole should be found unconstitutional, and that Smit can provide insight into how “other jurisdictions which are like us” have dealt with it.He maintained that handing Husbands two consecutive terms would be punitive.“As we get further and further away from the ... offence (that was committed), it’s harder to know exactly what the (prisoner) will turn into,” Derstine said, adding it should be Ontario’s parole board deciding when someone is released.
How were Mitch Marner and Max Domi allowed to return to the ice after suffering injuries from head shots in Game 1 last Thursday at Erie Insurance Arena?“If a player comes back out, it’s because he was medically cleared,” the London Knights GM said. “We’re not going to put anyone at risk. We have to do what’s best for the player and their future.”Everyone, including NHL scouts who have to decide each night which games to attend, want to know if Marner will be playing in Game 4 against the Otters Tuesday. He missed the last two games and the Knights figure the decision will wait until a few hours before puck drop.“We can’t go on any outside influences,” McRae said. “The protocol here has always been it starts with the doctor and trainer and player. It’s up to them first. Whether it’s a first liner or fourth, it’s the same thing.“No one oversteps the doctors and training staff. We take our lead from them.”London rookie goalie Tyler Parsons suffered a lower-body injury in Game 2 and sat out Sunday’s loss. He never returned to the bench after his ailment and junior C goalie Paul Town served as backup in Game 3.“It’s day-to-day with Tyler and Mitch,” McRae said. “Each day, they’re improving. The trainers are working with them. You check on them Tuesday and see if they’ve improved and go from there.”
A group of over 50 young people hurled rocks at police and passing motorists and started several small scrub fires during a face-off in Alice Springs.During a troubled night in the town, 42 people were taken into protective custody, 34 young people were escorted home by police and there were eight official reports on property damage made.The rock-throwing incident marks a concerning shift in behaviour, said Superintendent Travis Wurst."This is the first occasion en masse that they have attacked police," he told AAP.A large group of young people "causing a general disturbance" were spotted by police at about 1.30am on Tuesday as they investigated a report of property damage.Members of the group began throwing large rocks at the three officers, who called for back-up.When more officers arrived the group ran off into the river and hills near the botanical gardens, where they started several small scrub fires, which firefighters put out.Rocks were also thrown at passing cars, but there were no reported injuries.It's not known if the group were locals or visitors to Alice Springs."Who knows, we didn't get our hands on them," Superintendent Wurst said.He attributed the increased vandalism to the school holidays, and said families needed to consider whether visiting Alice Springs for an extended period of time was the best thing for them.He also urged parents to monitor their children's whereabouts and ensure they were attending school."It's not acceptable that you just randomly and wantonly damage property that's not yours, endangering other peoples' lives," he said.Police are asking anyone with any information to call 131 444 or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
South Sydney back-rower Glenn Stewart has admitted he took a dive to deny North Queensland a try in their 30-12 NRL win over the Rabbitohs on Monday night.Stewart hit the ground after colliding with Cowboys forward Ethan Lowe as Michael Morgan scooted over for a try on the stroke of halftime.Referee Adam Devcich referred the decision to the video referees who came back with a no-try verdict.Cowboys captain Johnathan Thurston expressed his extreme frustration towards the referee over the decision.Devcich said to Thurston both he and the the video referees felt Stewart was unfairly obstructed by Lowe.But on Tuesday at a Rabbitohs' recovery session, Stewart admitted to taking a dive to fool the referees.
Brisbane captain Justin Hodges says he is 100 per cent fit and ready to make his NRL return against St George Illawarra on Friday.The 32-year-old has missed the Broncos' past two matches with a hamstring strain but declared himself fit to play after training on Tuesday.Hodges says he has been impressed by the Broncos' climb to the top of the ladder in his absence and he is looking forward to helping the team stretch their winning run to six games against the Dragons.Brisbane is the only team with five wins from the first six rounds, having beaten the Roosters 22-18 in golden point on Friday night.The Dragons sit third as one of four teams with four wins after Sunday's 31-6 victory over Canterbury.But they will likely be without boom back rower Tyson Frizell, who faces a two-week ban for his high shot on Bulldogs prop Tim Browne.
The husband of a missing Townsville woman has faced court charged with her murder.Michael Hutchinson appeared in the Townsville Magistrates Court on Tuesday morning and was remanded in custody for another appearance in June.The 47-year-old was charged late on Monday afternoon with his scientist wife's murder.He is also charged with interfering with her corpse.Julie Hutchinson was reported missing by her sister last Thursday but the 48-year-old hasn't been seen since early March.Police are still searching for her body and a car.They're also appealing for anyone who might have spotted her silver Mazda 6 sedan to come forward.Don't miss important news stories. Like us on Facebook.
The Provost, Anti-Corruption Academy, a training arm of the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission, in Lafia, Nasarawa State, Prof. Sola Akinrinade, speaks on corruption-related issues in this interview with SUNDAY ABORISADEWhat is the mandate of the academy?The Institute is the training arm of the ICPC. Its mandate borders on internal and external trainings. But its primary commission is to train ICPC members of staff and to build their capacity to enable them to deliver on their responsibilities. Every organisation knows what it needs from its workers. If you want to get results from your workers, you need to equip them with appropriate skills and knowledge to enable them to perform such functions effectively.The academy also engages the larger society. First, it engages officials of the ministries, departments and agencies of government. Second, it deals with institutions, organisations that have bearing with the government. In building their capacity, we will be able to tackle corruption in the various agencies. In the last two years, particularly since 2012, the ICPC has carried out a number of studies, trying to understand the corruption-prone activities in various agencies and arms of government. We have been trying to work with the leaders of those agencies in addressing those corruption-prone areas. When we identify the areas, we also work with heads of the agencies to be able to overcome their weakness.We also recommend their personnel for training. For instance, when we noted that procurement issues could be a problem for some agencies, we trained them in tackling corruption in procurement. We work with the agencies in order to identify areas of corruption in their organisations and on how to overcome them.How do you carry out this task?The first thing we do is knowledge production through research. We have a section that deals with knowledge dissemination and we hope to become a centre of excellence in the sub-region in generating knowledge-driven policies for tackling corruption. The other is through the certification programme. We are working with higher institutions to run certificate, diploma and postgraduate programmes, including master’s in anti-corruption studies.How does the institute admit students?Our focus is actually on practitioners, those working in the anti-corruption agencies. Our master’s and diploma programmes are for those already in the system. The aim is to enhance their capacity to deliver and to perform their duties. It is not a generalised master’s programme. It is just to equip those working in the anti-corruption agencies and those in allied areas.We are working with tertiary institutions because we cannot award degrees but we want to work with universities that can award degrees to train these people using their own authorities. We are working with them based on the curriculum we have developed. We are also doing a lot of work with similar organisations in other parts of the world but we want to develop ourselves that is the academy, as a kind of regional centre focusing on training in anti-corruption and knowledge generation.Is the institute making efforts to train workers in private firms?Actually, we are reaching out to the private sector in various ways. There are critical sectors, such as those in the financial sector, in the construction, those in service sector. Again, we are reaching out to those that deal with the government, especially those getting contracts. Sometimes, they are actually the ones corrupting the public sector officials. So we are working with them. We are trying to reach out to these organisations to be able to introduce programmes that would affect them positively.A critical sector that we are hoping to work with is the media. The media is very critical in any issue we are dealing with in terms of reporting and in terms of what it considers important. We will be looking at media and corruption. How the media can assist in tackling corruption. How the media can tackle corruption. It is a big task but if we can construct alliances and build stakeholders in various sectors, it will be a lot easier for us at the end of the day.What is the institute doing to take anti-corruption crusade to the schools and to create the awareness in the minds of the younger ones?I can tell you confidently that we are at the advanced stage of developing our curriculum for anti-corruption studies. The Office of the Special Adviser to the President on Ethics and Values has been working with ICPC over the past few months to develop curriculum for anti-corruption studies and we are trying to reach out to the university system to build in anti – corruption work into its curriculum for general studies.However, I must caution that in building or developing new courses, particularly at the elementary and secondary school levels, we have to be mindful of the amount of the information that we can pump into the young ones. The curriculum that we made use of during our time was not as vast as what they have today in primary and secondary schools. They now have subjects in sexuality, reproductive health, HIV/AIDS, and computer, among others, and all these are expanding the curriculum.We have to be careful about introducing new subjects but we know full that we can achieve the objective by putting in the key elements into the curriculum of the existing subjects. For instance, we can incorporate the elements of anti-corruption into subjects, such as Government and Civic without necessarily developing a completely new programme for them.In the university system, we can build anti-corruption studies into the General Study programme. If we start a new programme, we could build up resistance within the school system. But if we build the content into the various aspects, we would be able to achieve more because the essence is for them to learn to get the issues. It is not so much whether they score an ‘A’ in the subject because scoring an ‘A’ does not mean that you are not going to be corrupt. It only tells you that you know how to bypass the various things. What we are harping on is the attitudinal change among our youths.Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
Chairman of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC), Dr. Sam Amadi, has said the agency's decision to initiate and sanction a joint tariff design process by electricity consumers and distribution companies was based on three key reasons.Amadi said  in addition to applying the standard practice of allowing distribution companies come up with data that form its final design and roll out electricity rates to be paid by consumers, it has decided to further deepen the service relationship between electricity consumers and distribution companies by the joint tariff review process. According to the NERC Chairman, the new policy was informed by the need to expand the knowledge of consumers on the operations of the distribution companies to enable them make informed criticism of their actions, get the distribution companies to empathise with consumers in making demands for higher tariffs as well as push the distribution companies to come up with and defend credible data for the tariff review.NERC recently disclosed that it was ceding parts of its regulatory responsibilities of transparently determining an appropriate tariff to be paid by consumers in Nigeria’s electricity industry to both consumers and distribution companies in the sector.It noted that the decision on joint consultation and determination of electricity rates by consumers and distribution companies was based on the need to foster transparency and inclusiveness in the way electricity rates are decided and paid in the sector.Amadi stated that both consumers and distribution companies will now have to sit down together to discuss and determine a mutually acceptable cost reflective tariff to be paid by consumers.He explained that NERC, which will take up an independent umpire role in the process, will also review the propositions and indices presented by the distribution companies during and after the consultation with consumers before signing off the mutually agreed tariff to be used by the distribution companies.He also said that the new process will eliminate extant bickering on any tariff rolled out in the sector, adding that consumers now have the opportunity to critically examine propositions made by distribution companies for tariff review.“Let us understand one thing, the new initiative or approach to tariff design in this sector is not totally new. In most jurisdiction in the world, it is the Discos that prepare their bill and even in the NERC here but then they don’t always do a robust wok on the process but based on that we try to help design a tariff that is fair and affordable to all parties involved.What is happening here is that we are saying to the Discos, take charge of your network, look at your system and then come to us and tell us what they think is the cost at which they need to provide efficient electricity service to their consumers,” Amadi said.He explained further: “We now said that instead of reporting to us, they should first go to the consumers and explain to them about the tariff because when they do their cost profile, they also have to prepare how they will recover it as there are different classes of consumers; they now design their tariff and show us how they will recover according to these classes of the consumers.They now have to consult with the consumers on this but the consultation process is not a consensus process and does not mean that at the end of the day, both parties will agree but it is that it gives the consumers an opportunity to deny, reject or contradict what they are proposing.”On the benefits of the process, Amadi said: “It benefits us because we are pushing the Discos to understand that actually these tariffs that they are designing is not for NERC but consumers who will pay for it and they should be establishing greater relationship with them, they have to show good faith and legitimacy so that consumers will know that they are always there for them.It will also help drive consumer power as I have always emphasised that a comprehensive regulatory framework must have strong consumer power just like in advanced countries where there is always strong consumer advocacy groups which strengthen consumer engagements and advocacy.In today’s economy, market power goes with political power and operators who have access to market power can buy voice because they have access to consultant who can prepare special reports to justify their requests, we also think that consumers should be able to develop that capacity and share information.”
A multinational firm, Sifax Group, has said that corporate social responsibility is at the core of the company’s business philosophy.The group’s Marketing & Corporate Affairs, Mr. Oliver Omajuwa, stated this when the company presented new Toyota Hiace 18-seater bus to the medical students of the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, Osun State.He said, “Sifax Group has a philosophy of positively impacting the society. The company is about not only profit making but also contributing its quota to the development of critical areas. One of such key areas for us is education. From primary school to the university level, it has been supporting institutions through various avenues, especially in the provision of infrastructure and equipment.“This gesture is in furtherance of our belief that the private sector has an important role to play in the improvement of the quality of education in the country. We are particularly excited that this bus would of great help to the medical students, in particular and the university as a whole.”The Provost, College of Health Sciences, Prof. Adesegun Fatusi, in his remarks, noted that universities needed to build solid partnerships with various stakeholders in order to fulfil their objectives.According to Fatusi, collaboration with such stakeholders as corporate organisations, alumni, parents, students, and staff is necessary in view of the inadequate allocations the universities receive from the governments.He thanked the company for the gesture, which he described as “historic.”Fatusi added, “This College of Health Sciences is 42 years old and I can confirm to you that this is the first time that a corporate organisation would be donating a bus to us. This donation is a demonstration of a different sense of thinking. We want to express our appreciation to Sifax Group for this benevolence and we believe it is a beginning of a lasting partnership between the university and the company.”He urged other firms to emulate the company by supporting enduring and socially impactful initiatives in education.According to him, education pays the biggest dividends and contributes greatly to the development of society.The Ife University Medical Students Association, President, Dada Ayodele, said the bus would help in fulfilling the association’s objectives, especially in rural medical mission.Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
ON a recent visit to Canberra, it was interesting to read in the local newspaper about issues in Canberra’s city centre that were not unlike many of the issues we have been grappling with in relation to central Geelong for some time, such as vacant shops and low numbers of residential inhabitants in the city.As well, issues relating to safety in the Little Malop St mall and surrounds have been brought into sharp focus, with recently reported incidents of unruly and threatening behaviour towards traders.Two very important projects are proactively seeking to address these and other issues and to revitalise Geelong’s city centre into a thriving and appealing hub.The Central Geelong Taskforce, initiated and led by the City of Greater Geelong, has developed the 15-year Central Geelong Action Plan providing a blueprint for revitalisation of central Geelong. The plan is the culmination of many influences, including the Vision2 project spearheaded by visionary thinker and former head of architecture at Deakin University, Professor Hisham Elkadi, along with extensive community consultation and input. It provides a direct and action-orientated approach to resolving issues and making central Geelong an attractive place for people to live, work and play and for investment, business and tourism.It is an ambitious, proactive plan that repositions central Geelong and should address all of the issues that are now deemed to be “problems”.The Geelong Chamber of Commerce has been actively involved in contributing to the plan through an extensive consultation process, with the chamber representing the voice of business on the taskforce.The second key project, focusing on the Little Malop St Mall, is being spearheaded by the G21 Regional Justice Reference Group. A working group, comprising representatives from City of Greater Geelong, Victoria Police, G21 Geelong Region Alliance, youth and government agencies is working with the Minister for Police, Wade Noonan, to develop a long-term strategy to address perceptions of safety in the mall.The chamber has been closely involved in the consultation process and will take a lead role in engaging with traders, starting with two forums to be held next month specifically targeted towards traders, with the objective of addressing safety and perception issues in the mall.The new plan for the mall includes such projects as the #SoYouKnowGeelong campaign, which aims to develop a range of key messages relating to socially acceptable behaviour.The plan to address issues in the mall has adopted a collaborative approach involving local government, business, community, youth agencies, Victoria Police, government agencies and key interest groups, all working together to develop strategies and implement positive change.While some of these changes will take time to implement, it is evident that there is a vast amount of positive energy and goodwill on tap to ensure the success of these two key projects.I look forward to one day in the not too distant future walking down a Moorabool St abuzz with commercial activity and bustling with the vitality of people living and working in Central Geelong, reflecting a cosmopolitan charm and lure that is the essence of Geelong.Bernadette Uzelac is the Geelong Chamber of Commerce chief executive officer.
The finalists for the 2015 Vodafone Pacific Music Awards have been announced and it is new talent that is dominating the line-upTeam Dynamite from Auckland is a finalist in an impressive four categories.Band members Lucky Lance, Tony Tz and Haz Beats’ debut hip hop album ‘Shepards Delight’ has secured Team Dynamite finalist spots for Nui FM Best Pacific Urban Artist and Recorded Music NZ Best Pacific Music Album. The single from the same album ‘Coconut Lime’ is up for APRA Best Pacific Song and NZ On Air Best Pacific Music Video.Team Dynamite is going head to head with Pacific music industry veteran Cydel which is also a finalist for four awards.Cydel members Saipele Nili and David Letoa, both from South Auckland, were finalists in 2006 and won the Nui FM Best Pacific Urban Artist Award in 2008. The band is up for the Nui FM Best Pacific Urban Artist Award category again this year, along with Radio 531pi Best Pacific Group, APRA Best Pacific Song and Recorded Music NZ Best Pacific Music Album.Auckland’s Fiafia Band joins Team Dynamite and Cydel in the battle for Recorded Music NZ Best Pacific Music Album for the 2014 release, ‘Siva Siva Maia’.The winner of the Best Pacific album category is presented with a Tui and recognised at the Vodafone New Zealand Music Awards later this year.2015 sees Auckland’s K.One and Wellington’s TJ Taotua debut in the finals line-up with both up for NZ Music Commission Best Pacific Male Artist. Joining them is last year’s NZ On Air Best Pacific Video winner, Wellington’s King Kapisi. TJ Taotua, also nominated for Best Pacific Gospel artist.In the Best Pacific Female Artist category, Samoa based artist Lole Usoalii-Hickey is up against Auckland’s Julie Ta’ale aka Mz J and five-time Pacific Music Awards finalist, Erakah.Ten of the 21 finalists are newcomers to the awards.Pacific Music Awards Trust spokesperson Rev. Mua Strickson-Pua says “The PMAs has a proud tradition of championing the Tupulaga - the new generation of artists coming through - which is evident in this year’s line-up with close to half being newcomers to the awards.“Pacific music’s roots in NZ date back nearly 100 years so it’s fantastic to see this rich cultural genre continuing to grow with an array of new talent alongside our more established musicians. Pacific music has played a hugely influential role in the New Zealand Music scene and industry so we are humbled and excited to honour that tradition and the latest Pacific musical arrivals.”The awards are in their eleventh year and the winners are to be announced at an event celebrating and honouring music and artists at the Vodafone Events Centre on Saturday 13 June.Tickets to the ceremony are available through TicketDirect. www.ticketdirect.co.nz0800 224 224. (Please note a booking fee may apply)The full list of finalists for the Pacific Music Awards are:BEST PACIFIC FEMALE ARTISTLole Usoalii-Hickey “Get Over”Mz J “Sparkle”Erakah ‘Organised Chaos’ NZ MUSIC COMMISSION BEST PACIFIC MALE ARTISTK.One “I Wanna Tell You”King Kapisi ”Welcome Back”TJ Taotua ‘Magnified’NIU FM BEST PACIFIC URBAN ARTISTCydel ‘Memoirs of a Midnight Cowboy’Sid Diamond ‘Speakers Blown’Team Dynamite ‘Shepards Delight’ RADIO 531PI BEST PACIFIC GROUPCydel ‘Memoirs of a Midnight Cowboy’Three Houses Down ‘On My Heart’Tomorrow People ‘Again & Again’NZ ON AIR BEST PACIFIC MUSIC VIDEOCoco Solid ‘Heaven's Gate’ (Director Coco Solid) Team Dynamite ‘Coconut Lime’ (Director Eddy Fifield)Smashproof ‘Survivors’ (Director Chris Graham) APRA BEST PACIFIC SONGAndrew Faleatua ‘Samoa Forever’Cydel ‘I Love You’Smashproof ‘Survivors’Team Dynamite ‘Coconut Lime’TAGATA PASIFIKA BEST PACIFIC LANGUAGEAumua Toafa Ai'i Te'o ‘It’s my turn - O lo'u taimi’Fiafia Band ‘Siva Siva Maia’Word of Life South Auckland Choir ‘Toele I La'u auaunaga’ BEST PACIFIC GOSPEL ARTISTLifestyle (of Worship) ‘Your Will Be Done’TJ Taotua ‘Magnified’Word of Life South Auckland Choir ‘Toele I La'u auaunaga’FLAVA BEST INTERNATIONAL PACIFIC ARTISTCommon Kings ‘Before You Go’Mahi ‘Kissing You’Maryanne Ito ‘Waking Up’ RECORDED MUSIC NZ BEST PACIFIC MUSIC ALBUMCydel ‘Memoirs of a Midnight Cowboy’Team Dynamite ‘Shepards Delight’Fiafia Band ‘Siva Siva Maia’2015 Finalists:• Andrew Faleatua ‘Samoa Forever’• Aumua Toafa Ai'i Te'o ‘Its my turn - O lo'u taimi’• Coco Solid ‘Heaven’s Gate’• Common Kings ‘Before You Go’• Cydel ‘Memoirs of a Midnight Cowboy’/’I Love You’• Erakah ‘Organised Chaos’• Fiafia Band ‘Siva Siva Maia’• K.One ‘I Wanna Tell You’• King Kapisi ‘Welcome Back’• Lifestyle (of Worship) ‘Your Will Be Done’• Lole Usoalii-Hickey ‘Get Over’• Mahi ‘Kissing You’• Maryanne Ito ‘Waking Up’ • Mz J ‘Sparkle’• Sid Diamond ‘Speakers Blown’• Smashproof ‘Survivors’• Team Dynamite ‘Shepards Delight’/’Coconut Lime’• Three Houses Down ‘On My Heart’• TJ Taotua ‘Magnified’• Tomorrow People ‘Again & Again’• Word of Life South Auckland Choir ‘Toele I La'u auaunaga’
More than 50 of the girls abducted by militant Islamists in Nigeria last year were seen alive three weeks ago, a woman has told the BBC.She saw the girls in the north-eastern Gwoza town before the Boko Haram militants were driven out of there by regional forces.Boko Haram sparked global outrage when it seized more than 219 girls from Chibok town a year ago.The US, China and other foreign powers promised to help find the girls.However, the girls have never been traced, and little has been heard of them since they were taken from their boarding school.The whereabouts of the remaining girls is not clear.‘Big house’Campaign group Bring Back Our Girls organised a silent march in Nigeria’s capital, Abuja, on Wednesday to raise public awareness about the abductions.In an open letter, Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai called on Nigeria’s authorities and the international community to do more to secure the release of the girls.Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau has said the girls have been converted to Islam and married off, fuelling concern that the militants had treated them as war booty and sex-slaves.Mr Shekau has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State (IS), which is also notorious for carrying out abductions in Iraq and Syria.The Nigerian woman, who lived under Boko Haram’s rule in Gwoza, told the BBC she saw the girls in Islamic attire, being escorted by the militants.“They said they were Chibok girls kept in a big house,” said the woman, who asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals.“We just happened to be on the same road with them,” she added.‘Treated better’Three other women also told the BBC they had seen the girls in Gwoza.Boko Haram was believed to have turned Gwoza into its headquarters after it captured the town in August 2014.Nigeria’s military, backed by troops from neighbouring countries, recaptured the town last month.The militants were suspected to have fled to the nearby Mandara Mountains, near the border with Cameroon.It is unclear whether the girls are with them there.Another woman told the BBC she last saw some of the girls in November at a Boko Haram camp in Bita village, also in the north-east.“About a week after they were brought to the camp, one of us peeked through a window and asked: ‘Are you really the Chibok girls?’ and they said: ‘Yes’. We believed them and didn’t ask them again,” the woman said.“They took Koranic lessons, cleaned their compound, cooked for themselves and they braided each others’ hair. They were treated differently – their food [was] better and water clean. “Nigeria’s outgoing President Goodluck Jonathan has been widely criticised for not enough to end the six-year insurgency in the north-east, and to secure the freedom of the girls.Incoming President Muhammadu Buhari has vowed to “crush” the insurgents.He is due to be inaugurated on 29 May after defeating Mr Jonathan in last month’s presidential elections.Source: BBC
Rights groups on Tuesday welcomed China's release of five feminist activists whose detention for more than a month triggered an international diplomatic outcry, but said concerns remain about their case.The five, all aged 32 or younger, were taken into custody shortly before International Women's Day last month as they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport.The European Union, US Secretary of State John Kerry and his predecessor Hillary Clinton had all issued calls for their freedom, while Beijing said it was an internal issue.All five were released on Monday, which Chinese criminal lawyers said was the deadline for prosecutors to formally charge them.But Liang Xiaojun, one of their attorneys, said: "In the eyes of the police, they are still suspects... they will need to regularly update authorities on their whereabouts."William Nee, China researcher at Amnesty International, said their release was an "encouraging breakthrough", but added: "The authorities must now follow through and drop all charges and restrictions against the women.""Women's rights campaigners should be free to advance human rights without fear of intimidation or the threat of detention," he said. "Yet the reality today is that rights activists are systematically monitored, harassed and suppressed."The five women had been linked to several stunts in different Chinese cities aimed at highlighting issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women's toilets.Police originally told lawyers the activists were suspected of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble", a vague charge increasingly used by authorities under President Xi Jinping to detain and jail protesters for holding small-scale demonstrations.They later changed the accusation to "illegal assembly", which carries the same maximum punishment of five years imprisonment.China's ruling Communist Party does not tolerate organised opposition, and often clamps down on small activist groups.But the detentions were seen by rights groups as unusually harsh given the small scale of the women's stunts and the fact that they had been praised in China's state-run media."What they've done has actually furthered legal protection of women's rights and strengthened the rule of law in China," said Lu Jun, of the Chinese campaign group Yirenping, whose office was raided after it backed the five."We feel heartened at the news and impressed by advocacy for their release from inside China and outside China," Lu said, describing their detention as "a glaring injustice".
Election website nominated for Oscars of the InternetOn The Fence – an interactive web tool devised by Massey design students – has been nominated for a Webby Award.The Webbies are the annual awards for excellence on the Internet, with nominees selected by The International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences.On The Fence is the only non-American nomination in the People’s Voice category of ‘political blog/websites’. The web tool started life in 2011 as a student design project to help young undecided and first-time voters to make informed electoral choices and transform disengaged youth into active civic participants. Users indicate how they feel about a selection of issues statements, to find out which political parties most closely reflect their views.In 2014, Massey University’s Design and Democracy Project, part of design studio Open Lab, partnered with Springload, an award-winning New Zealand web company, to redevelop the tool based on user feedback.The other four nominees in the political blog/websites category are Rolling Stone magazine’s online coverage of America’s Gun Violence Epidemic, and US political news/commentary sites factcheck.org, truthdig, and politico. Winners of The Webbies People Voice awards are determined by the number of popular votes nominees receive.Springload chief executive Bron Thomson says the company is delighted at the nomination. “Springload believe the web can make a genuine difference to society and we’ve found awesome, talented and like-minded partners in Massey University. The biggest challenge of this project was creating a great experience on just about any smart device. We’ve built On The Fence to scale – it’s easy to swap out the New Zealand vernacular so that it will work for other democracies.”In the 2014 General Election, On The Fence encouraged 30,000 non-voting 18-34 year olds to vote, representing 7% of the total eligible youth population.Director of the Design and Democracy Project, Karl Kane, says On The Fence helps meet the need for non-partisan information about political options. “Young people are not politically apathetic but they aren’t voting – there’s a difference. Party-political tribalism and spin is a turn-off for them; they want to make values-based choices. That is why On The Fence puts issues first and asks people to think about what they believe.”
On Monday the Ontario premier announced a cap-and-trade "initiative" that’s going to have widespread consequences nationwide.Some gift. Let’s hope she kept the receipt.Wynne claims one of the results will be reduced greenhouse gas emissions. That’s music to the enviro crowd’s ears.But we’re not so sure that outcome is a done deal. This is because of the simple truth that the government can’t - shouldn’t be able to - alter human behaviour with the snap of a finger.What the government can unfortunately do though is bring about social engineering measures that harm the economy.The David Suzuki Foundation sent out a statement celebrating that “Combined with B.C.’s provincial carbon tax and Alberta’s rules for large emitters, [Wynne’s] announcement means that 86% of Canadians and 86% of national GDP could soon be subject to carbon pricing.”There you have it. Straight from the mouths of activists. Almost the whole economy is now going to be hit by a carbon tax.Yet somehow Wynne is able to look at us with a straight face and claim it will “grow our economy,” as she tweeted Monday morning.It’s a funny sales pitch: They call it carbon trading. But it doesn’t matter which parties are trading with each other. What matters is eventually someone has to pay the government for carbon usage. That’s why at its core this is nothing more than a tax.The government also neglected to point out who’s ultimately going to pay for this. Gas will go up by at least a couple cents per litre. Plus we use fossil fuels for virtually every good and service we provide. This is a tax on modern civilization.We’ve learned the hard way that when costs to business go up, the consumer pays in the end.You’ve got to hand it to Wynne. She clearly wants to leave behind a record-setting legacy. For a while there, it was looking as though Dalton McGuinty’s eco-fiascos could not be outdone.Energy costs for businesses were soaring and the regular Joe was getting soaked by rate increases and not-so-smart meters.But Wynne is determined to be the green scheme queen.
THIS REPUBLIC   By Shaka Momodu, Email:  shaka.momodu@thisdaylive.com. SMS only: 0811 266 1654The 2015 elections have come and gone, winners and losers have emerged. Nigeria as widely predicted has not exploded into smithereens. Rather, there is some peace and quiet in the land. Needless to say, Nigeria was on the edge of a precipice and so, we have to be grateful to God that we still have a largely peaceful country. The people have emerged the winners, and in the real sense, there are no losers.The contest was a straight fight between continuity anchored on transformation as represented by the incumbent president, Goodluck Jonathan of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and change anchored on regime change at the centre and possible change of policy direction as represented by his main challenger, Major-General Muhammadu Buhari (rtd) of the All Progressives Congress (APC). It is now a fact of our daily lives that one has prevailed over the other - Buhari has emerged as the preferred choice of the people despite my best effort to hold him to account for his past misdeeds. At least, with this historic victory, he has proved Mallam Nasir el-Rufai wrong who once said of him: “Buhari is perpetually unelectable” and has entered the history books as one who never gives up on his dreams - he was fourth time lucky. This will no doubt inspire generations of people never to give up on their dreams. I admire this tenacity, strength of character and congratulate him on his achievements. I wish him well on his mission to fix our country. As God said in the Bible: “Heed the voice of the people...”. The people have spoken, we must all respect their choice.Expectations are quite high and I sense in Buhari’s supporters, that insatiable thirst for the illusion of a perfect man who will make everything perfect - a fanatical expectation borne out of a devotion to make-belief, substitution of historical facts with a warm embrace of fantasies that often isn’t driven by calm reasoning and pragmatism - exactly the type that drove his campaign on social media. It’s a moonshot to think that all of our problems will just go away under Buhari. But more than anyone else, Buhari is to blame for the overblown promises he made and the great expectations the people now have of him. Many, including myself are waiting on him to deliver on those promises - even though I do fervently pray he succeeds because, “this generation of Nigerians, and indeed future generations, have no country other than Nigeria”. And so, we’ll all be affected by his success or failure.  The beauty of democracy is that while the minority must have their say, the majority must have their way. That is what has happened.While I concede to Buhari’s supporters the right to celebrate after a long and bruising battle, however, early signs indicate a sense of gloating - which to me is unhelpful for the country. And I must state here without equivocation that the task of national rebirth is too serious for anyone to gloat in an election where nearly 13 million registered voters voted against him. The circumstances under which Buhari is assuming power are quite dire - and require a deep and sobering reflection on his part. The president-elect needs to contain himself from those baying for blood and vengeance. He should see his mandate as a rare second chance at self-redemption and not persecution of real or perceived enemies. He should rise to the occasion and unite the nation instead of taking any action that will further exacerbate the current divisions and suspicion about his motives. All those who can help, whether in the out-going government or technocrats from the private sector or in diaspora, should be brought on board to add value to the cause of nation-building. As I write, many states have not paid five to six months salaries owing largely to maladministration, mismanagement and dwindling oil revenue. The stark reality of the fierce urgency to build a credible team that will hit the ground running will become clearer when he assumes office on May 29. The fact of the matter right now is that there is no money to meet the high expectations he created with some of the unrealistic promises he made on the campaign stump. So, tackling the myriad of socio-economic problems should be the utmost priority for Buhari. And I dare say the current honeymoon won’t last long before the people start demanding to cash the promissory notes he has given them. Those promissory notes will fall due from May 29 and the people will not accept a default or a returned cheque marked “insufficient funds”.But beyond the victory of Buhari, something momentous and monumental happened - and it has changed Nigeria for good. At exactly 5.15pm on March 31, the unintended real change finally came to Nigeria. An ordinary telephone call from Jonathan to Buhari to concede defeat, burnt-down- the-harry and unleashed extraordinary forces of change on our landscape - finally taking the much needed small step to consolidating Nigeria’s democratic credentials for good. It was unbelievable news to my ears, but then, it was true. The tension-soaked atmosphere immediately cascaded, dramatically replaced with relief, backslapping and joyous celebrations that the doomsday prophets had once again been proved wrong about Nigeria.  I was completely dumbfounded by the gracious humility of the act, and how an otherwise difficult situation can be made to look so simple.That singular act of statesmanship demonstrated by the president, wrote Nigeria straight into the history books and the roll-call of democratic nations. It pulled the country several notches back from the brink of disaster and political instability and effectively set the agenda for national development. Jonathan has brought political stability without which economic progress will not be possible. Indeed, for our tomorrow, Jonathan gave his today. It is an extraordinary  measure of personal sacrifice that has elevated the most vilified president in the country’s history to an instant hero in the hearts and minds of the people. And indeed, his supporters may have some good reason to crow, and we should allow them, if it mitigates the pain of their loss. Instructively, in all Buhari’s three previous failed shot at the presidency, he always refused to concede defeat even when it was obvious he lost.Some have argued that Jonathan didn’t have much of a choice than to accept defeat. Well, true. But my response to that is: we are grateful he didn’t think he had a choice. All he needed for trouble to have started was to disagree with the results - and all hell would have broken loose - as many precious lives would have been lost needlessly and businesses destroyed or disrupted and the much needed foreign investors who held back to await the outcome of the election would have looked elsewhere for their investment. Now, to underscore the seriousness of the situation: just look at the report that 23 people died celebrating Buhari’s victory, then, pause for a moment  and imagine how many people would have died protesting his loss at the polls.And who knows the form the violence would have assumed and how long it would have taken to restore normalcy.  The attendant socio-economic cost to the country can better be imagined.  But living true to his now famous refrain, he proved that his ambition was not worth the blood of any Nigerian. He has put the country first and set a precedent that will be difficult to ignore by anyone. In fact, Jonathan has become the bellwether of our democracy as this event is a turning point in Nigerian history and should this precedent endures, it will change our conduct, attitude to politics and interaction with the system for the better. Consequently, the struggle for power would be less vicious and acrimonious.Another real change that happened in the 2015 elections is that in three federal constituencies of Amuwo-Odofin, Ajeromi-Ifelodun and Oshodi-Isolo in Lagos, non-indigenes were elected by the people to represent them at the Federal House of Representatives to the chagrin of the promoters of change.  By electing Chief Oghene Egoh, Mrs. Rita Orji and Mr. Tony Nwoolu as their representatives to the House of Representatives, the people are sending a loud and clear message to the godfathers that their time is up – and that they need change from the godfathers themselves. I am sure that when they started the campaign for change, they didn’t intend change to mean non-indigenes winning elections in Lagos. But inadvertently, they have unleashed a tidal wave of forces that could change our politics sooner than later.  The president may have been the target of the clamour for change which has now happened. But as in most revolutions, those who start them are more often than not - consumed in the mob hysteria of the moment before sanity prevails. The apostles of change will now have to grapple with a far more deeper and meaningful change than they bargained for.  As the saying goes “events that change the course of history sometimes happen by accident, when they succeed, they have changed the course of history”. We are at that moment in our history now, and I sense that those who promoted change are suddenly worried and fearful of change.Let me leave no one in any doubt here: I am going to hold the president-elect, Buhari and APC to account for every promise they made on the campaign stump. That is the only way to ensure that they do not take Nigerians for granted as we march to a new era, guided by profound uncertainty and extraordinary faith in our nation.Let me remind Nigerians that what Jonathan has done that has earned him many accolades from all over the world was first done albeit on a small scale last year by ex-governor Kayode Fayemi. I was among the many who praised and commended him for his statesmanship and extraordinary courage conceding defeat.  After the results were declared by INEC, he phoned Ayo Fayose - the winner, to congratulate him on his victory. He followed that up with a broadcast to the Ekiti people. Here is an excerpt: “Following the gubernatorial elections held in the Land of Honour, Ekiti State, Nigeria, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has officially returned the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as the winner of the election.“If indeed, this is the will of the Ekiti people, I stand in deference to your will. If the result of the elections is an expression of the voice of our people, we must all heed your voice.“I have just spoken with my brother, Mr. Peter Ayodele Fayose, congratulating him on his victory. In a few hours from now, I would be meeting the governor-elect to discuss the future of our dear state and how we would work together to institute a smooth transition programme... Despite our diverse party affiliations, and regardless of which way we voted on Saturday, we must remember that we are all sons and daughters of Ekiti State. Ekiti is ours to build together.”When I read that speech, I told myself: “This is it. Finally, we are at the beginning of a new dawn in our politics”.  But no sooner he read his speech he recanted, denying he ever conceded defeat in the first place. Then he went on a fishing expedition for tapes on how the election was rigged. He found one and announced to the world that he was rigged out of office.  I have seen the transcript of the tape. The best I can deduce from it is that there was no level playing field on the day of the election in terms of movement. I didn’t see actual rigging or thumb printing for the winner.  Everything in that tape was largely circumstantial - there was no hard evidence of rigging. I doubt very much if the allegations made much difference to the outcome of the election. Though not a lawyer, I doubt if that tape will withstand thorough cross-examination in a court of law.The doctrine of the soon-to-be ruling party is that elections are only free and fair when it is victorious, otherwise they are rigged. There is no spirit of sportsmanship in its DNA. Fayemi’s recant has denied him a place in that hallowed roll-call of statesmen. He is now just an ordinary politician with eyes always set on the next election.
The federal government has disclosed that there was escalation of avian influenza, commonly referred to as bird-flu (H5N1 virus) in three states of the federation, including Kano, Plateau and Bauchi.The government also stated that it had successfully stabilised the outbreak of the virus in the southern part of the country, noting that the situation was not beyond control.Permanent Secretary of the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (FMARD) Architect Sunny Echono gave this hint in Abuja while announcing deployment of equipment’s to118 Agricultural Equipment Hiring Enterprises (AEHE) across the nation.Echono who did not give details of the escalation, promised that government was doing everything to curb further transmission of the virus.“We are on top of the situation, I can confirm to you, indeed, in the south, we have stabilized the situation; there are very few, if any new cases are coming-up. But we are not entirely out of the hook, we have some spite in three states, like Kano in particular, that is the eye of the needle for us, we have an unfortunate situation where we have some degree of escalation, but from our projections, it should have actually dipped or dropped. Then we have also in Plateau and Bauchi,” he said.According to Echono, government had mobilised technical support to the three states where containment and decontamination exercises are currently ongoing. “But we have deployed men and materials and resources to these areas, we have also mobilised support, technical expertise from  our partners and we are on top of the situation in those 3 states. We have teams out there now doing containment, quarantine and decontamination and also dis-infecting premises and they are ensuring that cases of transmission are curbed completely,” he added.THISDAY had gathered in the last few weeks that five additional states of Kaduna, Bauchi, Katsina, Sokoto and Zamfara states joined the list of affected states, and other state might have been affected without confirmation. It was also gathered that some farmers secretly slaughter their birds for fear that they them test positive to the virus.According to THISDY source, the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina had directed that all new discoveries of bird-flu be channeled to a Central Information Unit (CIU) from which only the minister could authorise release of such information.“The minister has directed that information about new discovery and related matters be channeled to a Central Information Unit; nobody except the minister is permitted to speak on the issue. However, I can confirm to you that in the last one week, Kaduna, Bauchi, Katsina, Sokoto and Zamfara have been affected.” It is also expected that more states would be affected overtime.“The spread was possible due to movement of people and birds. I can also tell you that some poultry owners secretly slaughter their birds for the fear of been tested of bird-flu, but now that government has made provision to  compensate affected poultry owners, they are now willing to subject their birds to tests, and that is how these news cases were discovered.”Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina had in January announced outbreak of the virus.He disclosed that five states of Ogun, Delta, Rivers, Edo and Plateau states had far recorded cases of bird flu in addition to Kano and Lagos states, where the virus were first reported.
The politicisation of the office of the vice-chancellors is attracting the concern of many stakeholders, CHARLES ABAH writesAs a former Vice Chancellor, Prof. Ishaq Oloyede, is not a stranger to the education sector. No wonder, stakeholders listen to him with keen interest whenever he talks about education. So did it happen at a public lecture organised by the Obafemi Awolowo University Muslim Graduates’ Association on Sunday.At the event held at the Lagoon Restaurant, VI, Lagos, Oloyede, a former University of Ilorin VC, dissected the nature of conflicts and multiculturalism in the nation’s university system. Speaking on the theme, ‘The Journey to Excellence: Making Nigeria a Tertiary Education Hub for Africa, he frowned on the localisation of student admission, staff recruitment and, above all, the politicisation of the headship of the universities in Nigeria.The programme attended by dignitaries that included the Chairman, Board of Trustee, Obafemi Awolowo University Muslim Graduates’ Association, Alhaji Rafiu Ebiti; its National President, Prof. Wahab Egbewole and veteran lawyer, Mr. Yusuf Alli (SAN), who was chairman of the occasion, discussed issues of peaceful co-existence on campuses and the nation in general. It was, however, the question of merit in university appointments that bordered Oloyede most. According to him, the era of having VCs outside of their places of origin has given way, with ethnicity and religious fundamentalism playing a critical factor in such appointments.Oloyede said, “Most of the vice-chancellors that were appointed before this period served outside their states of origin and they did well. The list include Prof. Akinkugbe, a Yoruba man, who served as the VC of the Ahmadu Bello University,   a   Hausa-Fulani   enclave;   Prof.   Adamu Baikie, a Hausa-Fulani, who served successfully as the VC of the University of Benin and even got a second term; Prof. J. Ezeilo, an Igbo and Christian, who served as the VC of the Bayero University in Kano, a centre of Islamic civilisation.“Others were Prof. Essien-Udom, an Ibibio, who was at the University of Maiduguri, the Kanuri heartland; Prof. Tekena Tamuno, an Ijaw, who served as the VC of the University of Ibadan; Prof. Onwuemechili, an Igbo, who was at the University of Ife as the VC; and Prof. Ayandele, a Yoruba, who served as the VC of the University of Calabar.”In fact, his observation is not far-fetched. The sector watchers say that of the 79 public universities in the country, the majority of their VCs are from within the locality of the institutions. For instance, apart from the newly established institutions, such as the federal universities at Ndufu-Alike, Otuoke, and Oye-Ekiti, many others have their helmsmen from within the locality of the institutions.The former National Universities Commission Executive Secretary, Prof. Peter Okebukola, agrees with this view. Okebukola, who called it the “the-son-of-the-soil” syndrome, said that it had lately distorted the good governance in the Nigerian university system, just as it had extended to the private universities.He explained, “The phenomenon of “son-of-the-soil” VC is a blight, which is defacing good governance for which the Nigerian university system was noted for between 1948 and the early 1980s. My reading of the aetiology of the malaise is the entrance of state universities into the university education space with state governments insisting that vice-chancellors should be indigenes of the state and other principal officers shared among senatorial districts.“Before the close of the decade, the bug of the son-of-the-soil VC had started to bite the federal university system and today, the sore has festered widely. Only in a handful of the 138 universities that currently make up the Nigerian university system do you find non-indigene vice-chancellors of the geopolitical zone in which the university is located. Even the first-generation universities are not an exemption.”Beyond recognising this anomaly, Oloyede noted that the development had contributed to the conflict in the sector. Nowadays, by his reckoning, the appointment of VC has become very controversial, resulting in ethnic groups coming together to “fight” one another once there is the need for a new VC. Of course, stakeholders at the University of Benin, University of Abuja, among many others, know that the controversies surrounding the appointment of VCs have becoming a recurring decimal.Besides, Oloyede noted that the issue had put VCs under pressure, especially during recruitment of members of staff and admission of students to schools.A retired professor of Political Science, Kayode Soremekun, in an interview with our correspondent, said the development was promoting mediocrity in the system. The former lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ife, Osun State, described it as the “ghettorisation” of the office of the VCHe added, “It reflects the insularity that is evident in the nation’s politics in which there is the biblical tendency of ‘To your tents O Israel’. What happens in the process is that the mediocre person might end up becoming a VC to which priority is not given to excellence. It is however not a general thing because some VCs can hold their own at the level of competence, merit and intellectual savvy. But when you ensure that the son-of-the-soil gets the job, what it means is that the post will go to the lowest intra-factional consensus. It also lowers the quality of governance and academic delivery in such a university.”However, if the son-of-the-soil is competent to handle the office, is there anything wrong with that? To this, Okebukola argues in the affirmative.He noted, “Ordinarily, there is nothing wrong in having an indigene of the location of the university appointed as vice-chancellor if his/her selection is purely on academic and managerial merit and not because it is now ‘the turn of an indigene’.“Unfortunately, the latter criterion currently holds sway in many of our universities with the local communities, especially the natural rulers pressurising university councils to appoint indigenes or face their wrath. Council buckles under the pressure and appoints the indigene. The indigene vice-chancellor, in turn, shares academic and other appointments among members of staff from local governments in the state and the university is turned into a shamefully parochial institution with merit compromised in governance.“Of course, patronage of the community leaders, who pressed for the appointment, is a necessary payback through dubious contracts and admission of less-qualified candidates from the community. If we are looking for one of the factors negatively affecting good governance in the Nigerian university system and depressing quality of the delivery system, it is this vexed issue of indigene vice-chancellor.”The VC of the Caleb University, Imota, Lagos State, Prof. Ayodeji Olokoju, also admitted that the pattern was inimical to the growth of excellence, which the ivory towers represent. According to him, reducing the loftier academic cum administrative position to ethno-religious and municipal enclaves is akin to sacrificing merit on the altar of mediocrity.He advised, “What is appropriate is for the appointment into the office of the vice-chancellor to be advertised and for anybody coming from anywhere whether in Nigeria or overseas to apply. Again, there is the need for the contestants to have a level playing field. But my worry is that the way the system is structured now, I doubt whether we can achieve this in the actual sense.“For me, a VC must be primarily a man or woman of integrity – intellectual and moral integrity. The person must be of good standing. But a situation where schemers are allowed into the office would not be good for the system. If a mediocre person is there, he will end up reproducing himself and this will affect academic excellence in such a university.”On redressing the phenomenon of “son-of-the-soil” vice-chancellor in the nation’s university system, Okebukola argued, “We can go from the dramatic to the sublime. The dramatic is to insist, through the appropriate regulation, that councils should not appoint indigenes into the post of the vice-chancellor if such a person is outclassed by non-indigenes in the appointment process. The advertisement for such posts should be made in local and international media so that an Ibo scholar from Harvard can apply and be appointed vice-chancellor of the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria and a Hausa professor from MIT can apply and be eligible for appointment as vice-chancellor of the University of Ibadan.“Finding a place for the Association of Vice-Chancellors of Nigerian Universities and the National Universities Commission in the appointment process can serve a moderating and oversight role. Penalty for transgressing the regulation can be as dramatic as relieving the council chairman of his or her job. The sublime approach is to keep a counselling watch through regular governance inspection visits by NUC over “son-of-the-soil” vice-chancellors who have been appointed on merit to ensure that they do not kill the university with the perpetration of the indigeneship syndrome.”Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
A Victorian councillor who has shared a string of anti-Islamic posts on social media, including one likening Islam to Nazism, says she will not be removing them despite protests from the community.Over the past month, Latrobe City Councillor Christine Sindt has used her official council profile to distribute posts such as "Islam is not for me" and another calling on Australians to "pick a side".On Easter Sunday, she posted an image of herself at the Reclaim Australia march in Melbourne, holding a poster which says "I love bacon, not paedophilia".In an ABC radio interview last month she said she viewed radical extremists and the broader Islamic community as "pretty much the same".Her views and the series of posts sparked heated debate on her Facebook page as well as in the local Gippsland community.A handful of locals who say the posts are offensive and want them pulled down protested outside Latrobe city council's Morwell offices on Monday, holding signs that said "love not hate".The organiser of the rally, David Hollis, said the protest sent a message to the council that residents were outraged by Cr Sindt's behaviour."[She's] got the legitimacy of authority and it encourages her supporters to target minority groups that really have never been an issue in the Latrobe Valley," he said.Mr Hollis said Muslim people should feel welcome in the Latrobe Valley, not targeted."We're here to show solidarity because we don't agree with what she's saying," he said.The Latrobe City Mayor Dale Hartiman said Cr Sindt had been asked to remove the posts.The mayor raised the issue with the state Local Government Minister, who said it was up to the council to decide if Cr Sindt had breached the code of conduct.Cr Sindt told ABC Gippsland her posts reflect her own personal views and were not targeted at Muslims"There are no anti-Islamist comments on my Facebook page," she said."Any anti-Islamic comments on my Facebook page have been made by different people."In one post, Cr Sindt appeared to suggest the Lindt cafe in Sydney was targeted because it was not Halal certified."Those posts are all factual," she said.Cr Sindt said she was encouraging open debate on her Facebook page and said the posts reflected her concerns about the "potential loss of the Australian way of life".About 30 per cent of the Latrobe City's population was born overseas or had overseas-born parents, according to the local mayor.
Gary Ablett to miss matches as he tries to nurse sore shoulder back to full healthAblett has struggled through the opening two weeks of the season and it has now been decided he risks further damage if he continues to play.It is not known how many weeks he will sit out.Ablett said earlier in the week he was prepared to play through the pain.However pain is not the issue. It is understood an inspection by medical staff had revealed he has suffered a major loss of mobility in the joint over the opening two rounds.The Suns are expected to make an announcement on Ablett’s injury later today.Ablett received extra attention from both Melbourne and St Kilda in the opening weeks and close analysis of game tape reveals he is unable to fend off tacklers, which has always been a key strength of his football.The dual Brownlow medallist underwent a major shoulder reconstruction after the round 16 victory over Collingwood last year.He did not join full-contact training with the rest of his team mates until the week between the end of the NAB Challenge and the start of the premiership season.
The Government has confirmed that Australia will commit a military force to the international Building Partner Capacity (BPC) training mission in Iraq.The force will involve about 300 ADF personnel, drawn largely from the Army’s 7th Brigade, based in Brisbane. They will work as part of a combined Task Group alongside about 100 personnel from the New Zealand Defence Force.The mission of the Australian and New Zealand trainers will be to help the Iraqi Government to prepare sufficient forces to maintain the momentum of the counter-attack against ISIL, or Daesh, and regain control of its territory.On 3 March, the Government announced that it had decided to commence preparations to deploy this force. This followed requests for an Australian contribution from both the Iraqi and US governments.These preparations are now complete and the combined Task Group will deploy to Iraq over the next few weeks.The training mission is expected to be fully operational in May 2015.The combined Task Group will be stationed at the Taji Military Complex north of Baghdad, working to build the capacity of units of the Iraqi army.We will also deploy around 20 personnel to coalition headquarters roles in Iraq.The Air Task Group will continue to support coalition air operations. The Special Operations Task Force involved in the Advise and Assist mission will draw down in the third quarter of 2015.This marks the next phase of Australia’s contribution to the international coalition effort to assist the Iraqi Government to disrupt, degrade and ultimately defeat the Daesh death cult.Iraqi forces, with coalition support, have halted Daesh’s advances and begun to win back ground in recent months. But they require international training support if they are to become self-sustaining in their fight against the Islamist death cult, and ultimately re-establish control over Iraqi territory.Australia joins a number of other international partners already contributing to the BPC mission, including the United States, Spain, Italy, Germany, Denmark and the Netherlands.Australia’s BPC commitment is currently planned to run for two years, with progress to be reviewed regularly.The size and nature of Australia’s overall commitment in Iraq will also remain under regular review, taking into account the increasing focus of coalition efforts on building the capacity of Iraq’s security forces.The decision to commit ADF personnel to this important mission is not one that has been taken lightly. But it is firmly in Australia’s national interest.The Daesh death cult is reaching out to Australians, as the terrorist incidents here late last year demonstrated.This commitment reflects the Government’s steadfast commitment to keeping Australians safe from terrorism and preventing the spread of violent extremism to our shores.
Calling for new American leadership that is not "stuck in the 20th century," Republican Senator Marco Rubio officially launched his presidential bid Monday, a day after top Democrat Hillary Clinton announced her campaign.Rubio, a 43-year-old Florida lawmaker and son of immigrants from Cuba who often casts his personal arc as the embodiment of the American Dream, presented the 2016 presidential election as "a generational choice about what kind of country we will be."The remark, in a hometown speech at Miami's Freedom Tower that once processed Cuban immigrants into the United States, was a clear jab at his older rivals, notably Clinton, 67, and his fellow Republican and former mentor Jeb Bush, 62."While our people and economy are pushing the boundaries of the 21st century, too many of our leaders and their ideas are stuck in the 20th century," Rubio said to loud cheers."Now, the time has come for our generation to lead the way forward toward a new American century."Rubio has enjoyed a remarkable political rise since running for Senate as an underdog in 2010, when he was swept into Congress on a conservative Tea Party wave.Should he win in 2016 he would make history as the nation's first Hispanic commander-in-chief.Equally at ease discussing foreign policy, deficit reduction, his family's compelling narrative or hip-hop music, Rubio took a direct swipe at Clinton."Just yesterday, a leader from yesterday began a campaign for president by promising to take us back to yesterday," he said as supporters booed at the mention of Clinton."But yesterday is over, and we are never going back."Rubio joins two other Republican first-term senators who are already running: Ted Cruz of Texas, who is also Cuban-American, and Libertarian-leaning Rand Paul from Kentucky.Cruz in a statement welcomed his friend to the presidential rodeo, saying Rubio will help "elevate the debate for all of us."While Clinton has few serious Democratic challengers -- Vice President Joe Biden and former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley have expressed interest but little else -- several more Republicans may jump into the fray, including Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker and former Texas governor Rick Perry.Should Bush, a former governor and the son and brother of two presidents, enter the race as expected, his duel against fellow Floridian Rubio could be a compelling narrative of the Republican primary.Rubio wants to take voters beyond the dynastic Bush-Clinton dynamic that has ruled national politics for much of the last three decades.Youthful, charismatic and articulate on several issues, Rubio hopes to transcend the Republican Party's reputation for difficulty in connecting with young, Hispanic or African-American voters.Rubio, a fierce critic of President Barack Obama's gentler approach on global issues, is hawkish on foreign policy, a Tea Party favorite with potential to draw conservative votes.But he angered core conservatives two years ago when he helped craft a bipartisan immigration bill that would have provided pathways to citizenship for millions of undocumented workers, a plan he backed away from after it died in the House of Representatives.Rubio's kickoff notably came just days after Obama shook hands with Cuban strongman Raul Castro at a regional summit, the visual symbol of a detente to which Rubio is fiercely opposed.Former secretary of state Clinton finally announced Sunday what everyone already knew: her intention to join the race to succeed Obama and give Democrats a third-straight presidential term for the first time in more than half a century.Clinton immediately hit the campaign trail, striking a note of humility with her pledge to champion "everyday Americans" -- a departure from her hard-as-nails approach in 2008, when she lost her party's nomination to Obama.Crowding into a van, she drove from New York toward the key Midwestern state of Iowa, where she will hold small roundtables with middle-class voters beginning Tuesday.In her first fundraising email as a candidate, Clinton told supporters Monday she would "work my heart out" to earn votes."I've spent my entire life standing up for women, children, families, and anyone who needed a little help along the way," she wrote."That's what this campaign will be about, and that's what I'll do every single day as your president."Clinton's first major rally and the speech that kicks off her campaign is not expected until May.While Clinton aims to break the "glass ceiling" and become the nation's first female commander-in-chief, her Republican rivals want to reverse course from what will be eight years of Obama policies they say have made America weaker and economically stagnant.
Wednesday 1 July Tuning Fork, AucklandTickets on sale from ticketmaster_____________________________________________________Thursday 2 July The Fringe Bar, WellingtonTickets on sale from eventfinder“Beth Stelling is a rising star in the world of stand-up and her razor sharp wit combined with her girl next door aesthetic make for a powerfully funny combination.”— Nerdist“But the standout to us had to be comedian Beth Stelling. Her stand-up is so accessible and smart, she has no problem getting the men in her audience to crack up over a tilted uterus joke. A+.” — Huffington PostVulture: "The 50 Comedians You Should Know in 2015"This July, American late night television's favourite new sweetheart, Beth Stelling, will leave the bright lights of the States for a brief run of Australasian shows.Trainspotters and casual comedy fans alike will recognise Stelling’s humour and charm from appearances on The Pete Holmes Show, Chelsea Lately, @midnight, Conan, You Made It Weird and Put Your Hands Together with Cameron Esposito. Recently, Stelling had the honour of performing stand-up on Jimmy Kimmel Live, after Jimmy saw her perform live at The Upright Citizens Brigade (UCB) Theatre and personally invited her to be a guest on his show.Stelling was the opening act for fellow US comic Anthony Jeselnik on his recent tour, and regularly headlines comedy clubs across the United States. She has performed at the likes ofSXSW, Montreal Just For Laugh’s Festival, Seattle’s Bumbershoot, The Maui Comedy Festival, RIOT L.A., Chicago Women's Funny Festival, Moontower Comedy Festival, Portland's All Jane No Dick, San Francisco’s Sketchfest and more.Stelling has also written for Comedy Central Digital, MTV's Ridiculousness and was a contributing writer of the play Five Lesbians Eating a Quiche, which saw an off- Broadway run in NYC In 2012, Stelling released her debut album, Sweet Beth, on Rooftop Comedy Records, which received glowing reviews and was featured on iTunes' New & Noteworthy section.Stelling's inherently likeable demeanour makes for a delightful and hilarious contrast with her acerbic wit. With her diverse CV as a writer, actor and improviser it's no surprise that L.A Weeklynamed Beth in last year's top two female comedians to watch.Beth's quick visit to NZ is set to show audiences why Patton Oswalt has named Stelling one of his favourite up-and- coming comedians.For fans of American alt-comedy as seen and heard on comedypodcasts and late night TV, this is an incredible chance to catch one of the scene’s rising stars live and in the flesh. Beth Stelling promises a night that will appeal to devotees of theatresports, storytelling and mordant observational comedy.
As for the possibility of the sport returning to Montreal at some point in the future, several hurdles remain.“I do think it’s important for Montreal to have a firm plan as to how they would get to a major-league facility, a site, a financing plan and the like in place,” Manfred said Monday. “In terms of a timeline for an actual franchise, it’s just impossible to tell.“I mean obviously there are two ways you can get there. Expansion — which I see as a back-burner issue for baseball right now — and relocation. That obviously depends on developments in other markets.”Earlier this month, over 46,000 fans attended a pre-season game between the Toronto Blue Jays against the Cincinnati Reds. More than 50,000 fans showed up to watch the teams play again the next day.The city has been without a franchise since the Montreal Expos last played in 2004. The Blue Jays also played a two-game series in Montreal before the 2014 regular season.Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre is one of many baseball fans in the city hoping to see the sport return on a full-time basis.“We do not have a meeting set but I would be very happy to meet with the mayor of Montreal,” said Manfred, who took over as MLB commissioner in January when Bud Selig retired.The commissioner discussed the Montreal subject during a media availability before the Blue Jays’ home opener against the Tampa Bay Rays on Monday night at Rogers Centre.
Former Hamilton West MP and city councillor passes awayFormer Hamilton city councillor and Labour MP for Hamilton West, Dorothy Jelicich, has died, aged 87.Mrs Jelicich served as a Labour MP for Hamilton West from 1972 to 1975 and had a brief spell on Hamilton City Council after winning a bi-election in 1979. She then went on to become a long-serving member of the Manukau City Council, serving the community as a councillor from 1980 to 1995.Former Hamilton West MP and current Hamilton City councillor Martin Gallagher says Mrs Jelicich was admired for her energy and commitment to Hamilton. He says her contribution to local government and to the Kirk/Rowling Labour government was "very significant.""Mrs Jelicich was a strong and passionate advocate for women's rights and had a strong interest in youth and encouraging young people to serve their community," Cr Gallagher says. "She was a significant mentor in my life, teaching the values of social justice, and always leading by example. Our thoughts are with Dorothy’s family, who were always strongly supportive of her respective roles as MP and city councillor."Mrs Jelicich was one of only four female MPs in the House in the third Labour Government.During her time as Hamilton West MP she led the all-women New Zealand delegation to the United Nations population conference in Bucharest in 1974, becoming the first woman from New Zealand to be a UN delegate. Mrs Jelicich was made a Companion of the Queen’s Service Order for public services in the 1986 New Year Honours List.A service celebrating her life will be held at 11am on Saturday at the Manukau Memorial Gardens Chapel in Puhinui Rd, Papatoetoe.
There are a lot of problems with a Hillary Clinton candidacy.The “manifest destiny” sense of entitlement to become president that she’s carried with her since at least her 2000 campaign to be New York senator grates on the nerves of many observers, Democrats as well as Republicans.A lot of people are also bothered by the dynasty-meets-monarchy element of an endless line of Bush-Clinton-Bush-Clinton rulers. America is supposed to be the land of opportunity. Not a place run by a few savvy and ambitious families.The gender issue is incredibly annoying. The West should be over this by now. Americans already voted for – or in some cases against – a president because of the colour of his skin. Now we have to do it because of gender? No more affirmative action leaders, please. Judge her based on her merits and faults.Then there’s her record as secretary of state. The Benghazi incident was inept management. It was an example of following, not leading.Despite wanting to harness new media in her current campaign, the recent e-mail records scandal proves she abuses technology to her advantage.Instead of defending the First Amendment rights of the amateur American filmmaker behind the harmless Innocence of Muslims project, she called it “disgusting and reprehensible” as others around the world were responding to it… in an actually disgusting and reprehensible fashion.In other words, her international leadership chops are questionable at best.But as serious as these are, they’re all secondary issues. At least compared to the one that has the power to further downgrade America's standing in the world. The biggest problem with a Clinton candidacy is: How much further can the progressive agenda go?The driving impetus behind the Democratic tradition is that there is more to be done. More laws. More programs. More institutions.Clinton – to her credit – is not on the left of her party, like Elizabeth Warren. The Clintons are pragmatists before they’re moralists or idealists.The challenge though is that any Democratic pragmatist will know that the party and the electorate, coaxed further leftward by the government’s constant insistence that it must be the central clearinghouse for all aspects of your life, must be promised “more” by the politicians. Even if Clinton and her strategists believe that there isn’t much “more” to be done. Which there isn’t.Two big recent events in American politics are illustrative of this.The first is Obamacare. Nowadays, the conversation around the president’s signature program should have little to do with whether average Americans deserve some form of government health care. It should be about, as so many progressive edicts are these days, the obsession with control. The health care reform program locked in the government’s control of a sixth of the economy.Reflect on that for a bit. In one fell swoop, the government got its claws into a full sixth of the economy. They took a significant percentage of human interaction that was more or less private sector and made it their own. That’s madness… well only if you define socialism as madness, I suppose.The other is the government shutdown in October, 2013. Remember that? Legislation couldn’t get passed to fund government operations so non-essential services stopped.The White House crunched the impact at a $10 billion loss to the economy for each week of shutdown. That’s clearly a bad thing. But few people asked the right question out of this: Why is the government so big and involved in our lives to begin with that contracting it for a couple of weeks can cause this much damage to the economy?But this of course wasn’t the lesson the Democrats learned. So the fiscal can was kicked down the road once again.The U.S. government’s control of the economy has grown as has its fiscal liabilities. The balance sheet isn’t looking good.If Hillary Clinton became president following a Republican administration, she could coast into office claiming to fix whatever perceived Republican missteps the public was braying against. It’s one of the reasons Obama’s campaign and honeymoon period were such a cakewalk.But instead Clinton has to inherit the legacy of Barack Obama and somehow claim that even what he did wasn't enough. That the mighty ship of state must snowball on. She’ll need to do this because it’s the only way moderate Democrats can differentiate themselves from average Republicans.So she’ll argue that “more” must done. And that’s a problem. So here's what Americans need to be on the lookout for: What more? How much more? Who will it control or restrict this time? And at what cost?
New Zealand Bloodstock’s upcoming South Island Sale is offering progeny by a selection of New Zealand’s proven, up-and-coming and first season sires.With a catalogue of 107 lots, including supplementary entries, made up of yearlings (98), a two-year-old, unraced stock (2) and broodmares (6), a total of 43 sires are represented from both New Zealand and Australia.South Island sires hold a strong influence on the 2015 edition of the Sale with 11 resident sires responsible for 43% of the catalogue.Last year’s leading sire by Sale average (three or more sold) was Raise the Flag (Sadler’s Wells), selling eight horses at an average of $22,813, with his top Lot selling for $48,000. Standing at White Robe Lodge, Raise the Flag is bred impeccably being a half-brother to five Group 1 winners and a half-brother to Champion Sire Dansili (Danehill).Raise the Flag leads the upcoming Sale with the largest draft of 10 yearlings including Lot 16, who is out of stakes winner Ms Keeper (Keeper), andLot 70, who is a half-brother to stakes winner Requisite (Yamanin Vital).Prominent South Island sire Coats Choice has the second largest draft with nine yearlings on offer. Standing at Berkley Stud, the son of Redoute’s Choice has sired 92 winners, including stakes winners Natuzzi (NZ) (Coats Choice), Absolutely (NZ) (Coats Choice), No Choice (NZ) (Coats Choice) and Milo (NZ) (Coats Choice) - a full-brother to Lot 10. Natuzzi, winner of four stakes races, Absolutely and Milo are all graduates of NZB’s South Island Sale.Singapore galloper Kubera Warrior (NZ) (Coats Choice) recently headed home a quinella for the sire in the first leg of The Golden Horseshoe Series in Singapore with Fine Choice(NZ) (Coats Choice) finishing second. Both horses are graduates of last year’s South Island Sale, purchased for $21,000 each.The first progeny of freshman sire Zacinto sold well at this year’s National Yearling Sales Series at Karaka, averaging $42,950, with his highest priced yearling selling for $100,000 at the Premier Sale.By Champion Sire Dansili, the sire of last Saturday’s Group 1 Sydney Cup winner Grand Marshal, Zacinto has six yearlings catalogued at the South Island Sale.Up-and-coming young sire Showcasing, sire of the 2015 Karaka Million winner Hardline(NZ) (Showcasing), has six yearlings catalogued for Friday’s Sale. Included amongst his draft is Lot 72, a half-brother to stakes winner Belle Miraaj (NZ) (Iffraaj). Showcasing has produced five stakes winners to date with 56% of his runners as winners.Another rising sire represented in the Sale is Cambridge Stud’s, Tavistock, with three yearlings entered. The son of Montjeu recently produced his first Group 1 winner withVolkstok’n’barrell (NZ) (Tavistock) winning the Group 1 Rosehill Guineas.A recent pedigree update has highlighted Lot 55, the one yearling offered by Australian sire Wanted. From Highbury Park Stud’s draft, the Wanted colt is from the same family as the Group 1 Diamond Stakes winner, Dal Cielo (NZ) (Per Incanto) and is out of a half-sister to Group 1 winner Lights of Heaven (Zabeel).There will be opportunity to purchase progeny from two of the top five leading sires in New Zealand, Iffraaj and Pins, at Friday’s Sale. Iffraaj has two yearling fillies, Lot 1 and Lot 92, and Pins has just one yearling filly at Lot 96.Other sires represented include Al Akbar, Captain Rio, Casino Prince, Choisir, Denman,Ekraar, Falkirk, Forty Mirage, Fully Fledged, Handsome Ransom, Keeper, Keeninsky,Mastercraftsman, Nadeem, O’Reilly, Pentire, Per Incanto, Personal Escort, Postponed,Red Giant, Reward for Effort, Road to Rock, Sufficient, Thewayyouare and Volksraad. Freshman sires set to debut their first crop are Dalghar, residing in New Zealand, andUncle Mo who stands in Australia.The South Island Sale commences at 11am this Friday at Christchurch’s Canterbury Agricultural Park. Catalogues can be requested from reception@nzb.co.nz and can be viewed online at www.nzb.co.nz.
Ann Bryden told the Geelong Advertiser yesterdayshe was struggling with the news that charges had been laid against Robert Penny for the murder of her sister — Mr Penny’s wife, Margaret Penny, in a hair salon in 1991.He appeared in Melbourne Magistrates’ Court yesterday after being charged with the killing of Mrs Penny and her hairdresser, Claire Acocks.“I’ve only heard myself when the media rang this morning,” Mrs Bryden said, as she nursed a photo of her elder sister who she described as a “good and gracious lady”.“This has to go through all the due processes and I can’t comment until then.’’Her family — two daughters and a son-in-law — were at her side yesterday in her home as she wrestled with the sudden news.Mrs Bryden said she had always looked up to and admired her beloved sister, who she had missed dearly since her shocking death.Both Mrs Penny and Mrs Acock were held captive, terrorised, bound to chairs with electrical cord and stabbed to death in a wild frenzy, a crime that remained unsolved through the decades.Mrs Penny, 58, was keeping her regular Friday hair appointment with Mrs Acocks, 49, when they were killed.Yesterday, sitting quietly in her Geelong West flat surrounded by her family, Mrs Bryden remembered her glamorous older sister.“There was a seven year age gap between us,” she said. “By the time I was at school she was working. But she had so many beautiful things I used to go in her room and look at her clothes and all her jewellery.’’Mrs Bryden reflected on the trips she would make to visit her sister.“I’d ride my bike all the way out to her farm to see her, it was a good half-an-hour ride,” she said.The mystery of her sister’s death has plagued Mrs Bryden throughout the years.Mrs Penny’s son Tony yesterday thanked the Victoria Police for their ongoing commitment to solving the crime. In a written response, he said his ‘heartfelt thoughts’ were with the Acocks family.“I will continue to assist Victoria Police in any way possible, in the hope that the perpetrator or perpetrators will be brought to justice,’’ he said.
Surf Life Saving NSW have issued a dangerous surf warning for the state’s entire coastline.PICTURES: SEE INSIDE BILLIONAIRE’S PRIVATE JETILUKA SITE TO REACH FOR THE SKY HIGHER THAN Q1NSW Life Saving manager Andy Kent said the swell was expected to peak between 2m and 4m later today and urged swimmers, surfers and boaties to check the latest forecasts before hitting the water.He said extra care needed to be taken by boat skippers crossing coastal bars, in particular.Mr Young said the swell would miss the Gold Coast because of the shape of the coastline.“The Gold Coast is naturally protected from south swells, so I’m hopeful we won’t see too much of an impact,” he said.Weatherzone meteorologist Ben McBurney said the big swell would be met with mostly fine weather that would warm as the week continued.“It looks like there will be a few showers around (today) but I think they will remain pretty light with less than 1mm predicted and a top of 26C,” he said.A light shower is also expected tomorrow, with a top of 27C.
A man in his 70s has been attacked by a crocodile on a Port Douglas golf course.The man was taken to the Mossman District Hospital in a stable condition after being bitten on the leg just after 4pm, a Queensland Ambulance spokeswoman said.Paramedic Zak Pitra said the bite caused a deep cut to the man's shin and a puncture wound to his calf.The attack occurred at the Palmer Sea Reef course on Old Port Road.The golf club has been contacted for comment.Politician and mining tycoon Clive Palmer purchased the course in 2012, and tweeted his well wishes to the injured man."I would like to wish the well-known local man who was attacked by a crocodile in Port Douglas this afternoon a speedy recovery," Mr Palmer said.In January, a pesky crocodile held up play at the course when it camped itself between the path of the 11th and 12th holes.The club put up a photo of the reptile on Facebook."After a lot of encouragement he finally decided to move just enough for the golfers to pass," they wrote.
The businessman who headed up the Abbott government's commission of audit believes voters haven't been convinced about unsustainable spending in areas such as welfare, aged care, education and health.The government needed to "go back to the idea of saying we do have an expenditure problem," Tony Shepherd told The Australian Financial Review on Tuesday."The myth it's a revenue problem has to finally be nailed. The revenue problem will never fix the expenditure size of the problem."Small Business Minister Bruce Billson defended the government's performance, saying it had been arguing the case for prudent spending."But we've got to do both," he told Sky News about the need to address revenue and expenditure.
On 14 April 2014, 279 schoolgirls were kidnapped by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram in Chibok, northern Nigeria.The government's slow response in finding the missing girls caused a global uproar. Many protests took place and an online campaign went viral.But a year later 219 girls are still missing.BBC News looks back at the past 12 months.
Marco Rubio officially entered the race for the White House on Monday, declaring that “yesterday is over” and that the 2016 US presidential campaign would pose “a generational choice” – ostensibly toward what the Florida senator called “a new American future” but also between himself, Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush.One day after Clinton cast a looming shadow over the entire election, Rubio, the son of Cuban immigrant parents, announced his intention to seek the Republican nomination at Miami’s Freedom Tower – the “Ellis Island of the south” where thousands of families fleeing Fidel Castro’s 1959 revolution were processed.“Yesterday, a leader from yesterday began a campaign for president by promising to take us back to yesterday,” he said. “But yesterday is over, and we are never going back.”Attacking the policies of Barack Obama’s administration, in which Clinton served as secretary of state, Rubio said the time had come to look ahead with the same determination once shown by the waves of Cuban immigrants trying to build a new life in an unfamiliar country. Those exiles, he said, were a part of “the larger story of the American miracle”.Before an appreciative audience of more than a thousand supporters, campaign workers and media inside the tower, plus thousands more watching on a giant screen outside and a largely approving political class beyond that, Rubio declared that the United States was still the same land of opportunity the migrants had discovered it to be.“United by a common faith in their God-given right to go as far as their talent and work would take them, a collection of immigrants and exiles, former slaves and refugees, became one people, and together built the freest and most prosperous nation ever,” he said.“My parents achieved what came to be known as the American dream. But now, too many Americans are starting to doubt whether achieving that dream is still possible. The time has come for our generation to lead the way towards a new American century.”Rubio, the third Republican in the 2016 race following the earlier declarations of Ted Cruz and Rand Paul, and the fourth overall following Democratic frontrunner Clinton’s Sunday announcement, touched on a need to replace Obama’s signature healthcare law, what he deemed outdated immigration laws, the need for tax reforms and tighter controls on federal spending.He also accused the Obama administration of “dangerous concessions” to Iran and hostility toward Israel.But some of the loudest cheers came when Rubio returned to the theme of Cuba and the struggles of his father, a bar tender, and his mother, a retail worker, in the early years after their arrival in Miami from Cuba in the 1950s.“I regret my father did not live to see this day. He used to tell me all the time: ‘En este pais, ustedes van a poder lograr todas las cosas que nosotros no pudimos’ – in this country, you will achieve all the things we never could,” Rubio said.“That journey, from behind that bar to behind this podium, is the essence of the American dream. Whether or not we remain a special country will depend on whether that journey is still possible for those trying to make it now.”Rubio, 43, born in Miami and the father of four young children, said he would be campaigning for America’s working classes, “the workers in our hotel kitchens, the landscaping crews in our neighborhoods, the late-night janitorial staff that clean our offices and the bartenders who tonight are standing in the back of a room somewhere.”“If their American dreams become impossible, we will have become just another country,” he said. “But if they succeed, the 21st century will be another American century. This will be the message of my campaign and the purpose of my presidency.”Since his election as a young city commissioner in the small south Florida city of West Miami in 1998, Rubio’s rise through the Republican ranks has been remarkable. He was on the job for just a year before his first run at state office, winning a seat in the Florida House and becoming its majority leader four years later.In 2006, he became House speaker, a role in which he attracted the attention of senior national Republicans. Rubio had his own sights set on higher office by the time his spell in Tallahassee came to an end in 2009. Given little chance against the former Florida governor Charlie Crist in the 2010 race for the retiring Mel Martinez’s US Senate seat, he rode the Tea Party’s wave of national popularity to a huge upset.A skyrocketing star in Washington, Rubio served has served on the commerce, science and transportation and foreign relations committees, and was shortlisted, but ultimately passed over for another Republican starlet, Paul Ryan, to be Mitt Romney’s running mate in his ill-fated 2012 presidential campaign.It has not, however, been all smooth sailing for Rubio, who was forced to concede that his parents were not forced out of Cuba during Fidel Castro’s 1959 revolution, but instead came to the United States several years before as de facto economic refugees.Rubio also suffered a Republican backlash for his role as one of the so-called Gang of Eight bipartisan Washington politicians who crafted immigration reform legislation that would have opened a path to citizenship for the estimated 11m undocumented immigrants living in the US illegally.Once a staunch advocate of such a policy, he was forced to backtrack in the face of strong opposition from Republican hardliners. His revised stance is that American borders must be secured before any further discussion on the issue can take place, a position derided by many immigrant advocacy groups who had hopes that Rubio might be the politician to carry through Obama’s vision on meaningful immigration reform. Dozens of activists rallied outside the Freedom Tower on Monday to protest against his views.Rubio, however, is seen by many as one of the nation’s most gifted political orators, with an ability to convey his opinions with confidence and authority. Even when he was widely derided for an uncomfortable moment in his televised response to Obama’s 2013 state of the union speech, when he broke off to make an awkward lunge for a water bottle, he was able to laugh off the incident and turn what could have been a public relations disaster into his advantage.Perhaps the biggest problem facing Rubio in the 2016 campaign is the likely presence of his friend and political mentor Jeb Bush, Florida’s former governor and brother to the last Republican president George W Bush, as a rival for his party’s nomination.Bush has yet to formally declare, but reports say he already has a war chest approaching $100m. Rubio, his aides concede, cannot hope to match Bush’s financial clout, but he is not concerned.“Other candidates will have more money and bigger operations than Marco Rubio will, but he’s going to have the best message in the race,” Rubio press spokesman Alex Conant said ahead of Monday’s announcement.Rubio will need to quickly catch up to the poll ratings of his closest rivals if he is to take a deep run at the Republican nomination. A Quinnipiac University poll this month showed Rubio trailing behind Bush and Wisconsin governor Scott Walker , both yet to announce their intentions, in his home state.“I’ve heard some suggest that I should step aside and wait my turn,” Rubio said in his speech on Monday, “but I cannot.”Many of the supporters at Rubio’s Freedom Tower event, too, were unfazed by his apparent lack of support from within Florida.“Rubio is about making America respected again throughout the world, building a strong military,” said John Nelson, chairman of the Highlands County Tea Party Republicans, who led a delegation of five group members at the rally.“He has strong American values, more than any other candidate. I’m not here for myself, I’m here for my granddaughter. It’s not about me and now, it’s about my granddaughter and her future. It’s about building a strong future for America. I believe only Marco Rubio can do that, not Jeb Bush or any of the others.”Gina Sosa, treasurer of the Log Cabin Republicans of Miami, which describes itself as an all-inclusive advocacy group with many LBGT members, wanted to hear Rubio preach a message of equality. She said she was not worried by Rubio’s one-time position on his immigration bill, later retracted, that he could not support reform if it included citizenship for gay couples.“He has accomplished a lot as a young man and he brings experience to the campaign. I’m excited and proud to support him. Our job is to fight discrimination and support inclusion and I believe that’s what Marco Rubio brings to the table,” she said.For Shane Pagano, of Log Cabin’s Orlando chapter, the choice for the nomination is simple: “I believe Marco Rubio is the JFK of his generation, a once in a generation politician,” he said.
Ten wildlife and conservation organisations are calling for a three-year ban on the culling of mountain hares on Scotland's grouse moors.The moors provide an ideal habitat for mountain hares.But gamekeepers may cull the animals in an effort to protect red grouse from the tick-borne louping ill virus.Wildlife groups say there is a lack of scientific evidence to support the claim that culling hares protects grouse.Simon Jones of the Scottish Wildlife Trust, one of the groups campaigning for a moratorium, said: "We, along with the other organisations, are calling for a three year ban, to allow time for all those involved to take stock of the longer term impacts of large scale culling."Once the results of the study have been published we will then be able to identify the best ways to monitor mountain hare populations and measure the impact that management is having on their conservation status."The unregulated and seemingly unsustainable culling that is endemic on many grouse moors is a threat to these important populations."Duncan Orr-Ewing of RSPB Scotland said: "Very little is known about their current numbers of mountain hares and population trends."We also don't know what impact these large scale culls are having on mountain hares' wider conservation status, which could mean the Scottish Government may be in breach of its legally binding international EU obligations to this species."The calls for a ban have drawn an angry response from gamekeepers' leaders.A spokesman for the Scottish Gamekeepers Association said: "For groups with environmental credentials to call for such an environmentally irresponsible measure beggars belief."The numbers of tick, already a growing problem in the countryside, will escalate, endangering any bird that nests on the ground, not to mention the potential repercussions for human health."It will be bad for birds and bad for biodiversity."The ten organisations calling for the three year ban are:Meanwhile, landowners have said such a move would be "ill informed" and "heavy handed".Tim Baynes of the Scottish Moorland Group told BBC Scotland: "We firmly believe the management of the hare population as it is at present is sustainable."This does mean some culling for sound habitat conservation reasons, but not to the extent where it threatens a population."We know in broad terms the numbers of hares and it is a population that is thriving."Scottish Natural Heritage has pledged to work with "all interested parties" to make sure that management practices are not damaging the species' long-term prospects.Responding to the call for a moratorium, a spokeswoman said: "Mountain hare populations can fluctuate widely and are influenced by a range of factors - the cyclical nature of the species, habitat fragmentation, changes in land use and over-culling"We have already asked estates for restraint on large-scale culls of mountain hares which could jeopardise their conservation status."We continue to gather evidence on numbers, status and changes and for this reason have commissioned further research by Game and Wildlife Conservation Trust and the James Hutton Institute to inform local and national management."
TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong has said she feels 'sorry' for Jacqueline Jossa.Speaking to new! magazine, the blonde beauty said Jac, whose boyfriend is her co-star Dan Osborne, was "really nice".He said: "She's a really nice girl and it's hard, what everyone's going through."I just feel sorry for her," she continued.Jacqueline was forced to speak out after two audio tapes were leaked in which Dan appeared to threaten the mother of his 15-month-old son, Megan Tomlin.She wrote: "I can assure you I wouldn't stand by a man capable of everything Dan has been made out to be, he is my best friend, boyfriend and he is a brilliant father, above all else, I just want to clear up, he has never once been violent or even shown signs towards me at all."People selling stories on him, show one side to a story, but people around Dan know the whole truth, and you would all be shocked."I am 100 percent not saying what Daniel has said was right or okay, but people make mistakes when on dark places, and it's something that we sorted out privately not in front of the whole world, it's something he has apologised for and is embarrassed about [sic]."The couple are now busy showing a united front and have been gushing over their daughter Ella, and his little boy Teddy.Today, TOWIE star Dan shared a video of Teddy sipping on a carton of juice and putting his own spin on Ed Sheeran's hit Sing.As the music belts out Teddy does a brilliant impression of the flame-haired crooner and makes our hearts melt.He then puts one hand to his mouth and flashes a sweet smile. Awwww.Meanwhile, TOWIE star Dan can be heard praising his son from behind the camera, saying: "Clever boy".The reality star posted the video to Instagram with the caption: "My boy singing to Ed Sheeran is just too cute!!"Read the full story in this week's new! magazine - out Tuesday April 14th.
There’s nothing like having supportive friends around you – and it looks like Bobby Norris is ready to go above the call of duty for his best pal Gemma Collins by offering him her sperm.Bobby has always been there for unlucky in love Gemma, who recently admitted that she’s desperate to have a baby and it looks like her best friend is ready to donate and inseminate.Oh yes he is!Bobby sounds as if he's happy to help if neededIn an interview with new! Bobby opened up about Gemma’s struggle to find love and get pregnant, where he laughed as he said: “She said she’d consider having artificial insemination a bit further down the line..."I’ve offered her my sperm and said they’re going spare! The offer is always there.”Gemma Collins really wants to become a motherBobby doesn’t mind if she gets back together with her ex boyfriend Alex, but admits that Gemma’s struggled with the fact she hasn’t settled down.“Gemma has always been very conscious of her age and she always thought she’d have her Prince Charming and a baby by the time she was 30,” he explained.“If she met Mr Right and got pregnant tomorrow I’d throw my arms around her – but only if it’s with the right man. But she’s 34, not 72!”But when pressed whether he would really have a baby with the blonde reality babe, he joked that the two would have VERY different parenting styles: “Could you imagine me and Gemma co-parenting?!"She’d be like, ‘I’m putting him on formula!’ and I’d be like, ‘No! Breast is best!’ But if GC doesn’t get up the duff soon I might just have to inseminate her myself!”What are friends for, eh?Read the full story in this week's new! magazine - out Tuesday April 14th.
We have updated our crosswords - so you will notice a few differences which should make your experience better.The new features are:- The ability to save your progress with any crossword by clicking on the Disk icon- You can also change the font size by using the Aa icon- Using the bin icon will completely reset the puzzle and your entries will be removed should you make a mistake- And to check the solution to see if you've got it right use the Tick iconFinally, if you prefer to print the grid to complete it please make select the option to print backgrounds otherwise the black cells in the grid will not show on your print out.
We have updated our crosswords - so you will notice a few differences which should make your experience better.The new features are:- The ability to save your progress with any crossword by clicking on the Disk icon- You can also change the font size by using the Aa icon- Using the bin icon will completely reset the puzzle and your entries will be removed should you make a mistake- And to check the solution to see if you've got it right use the Tick iconFinally, if you prefer to print the grid to complete it please make select the option to print backgrounds otherwise the black cells in the grid will not show on your print out.
We have updated our crosswords - so you will notice a few differences which should make your experience better.The new features are:- The ability to save your progress with any crossword by clicking on the Disk icon- You can also change the font size by using the Aa icon- Using the bin icon will completely reset the puzzle and your entries will be removed should you make a mistake- And to check the solution to see if you've got it right use the Tick iconFinally, if you prefer to print the grid to complete it please make select the option to print backgrounds otherwise the black cells in the grid will not show on your print out.
Actress Melanie Hill has admitted she will never fill Hayley’s shoes as she arrives on Coronation Street as a new love interest for Roy Cropper.The former Bread and Waterloo Road star admits that she has a tough act to follow playing Roy's new companion Cathy Matthews following the death of his beloved wife.Accrington-born actress Julie Hesmondhalgh won a host of awards for her harrowing portrayal of cancer battler Hayley, who drank a lethal cocktail to take her own life.Now Cathy has been tasked with helping Roy, played by David Neilson, to get over Hayley's death as a new permanent character.And Melanie knows winning over Corrie fans will be tough. She said: “I could never fill Hayley Cropper’s shoes - I’ll just wear different shoes.“She was so well loved and the public went through that. It was a bereavement and the fans felt it so much that I am aware of that.“I am prepared for comparisons, so I might have a bottle of wine before I go on Twitter.READ MORE: Things in Coronation Street that don't make sense“I think that is why I am gradually being introduced as a friend. I would never attempt to fill her big shoes. I am just happy to come in in my own right as a friend of him.”Melanie's character meets Roy when they start working on adjacent allotment plots. They confide in each other after Cathy reveals she is getting over the death of her husband.She said: “She’s lost her husband so they are lost souls.“Her husband happens to have the allotment next to Roy’s, so she goes and hangs out there and that’s when she bumps into Roy and they strike up this odd friendship.”The Sunderland born actress, who played Aveline in the 1980s sitcom Bread and Maggie Budgen in Waterloo Road, says her audition for Coronation Street was the most nervous she has ever been.Melanie, who will appear as Cathy from next Monday, says it was the character Roy that sold the role of Cathy to her.She admits she was daunted about meeting Corrie legends such as Barbara Knox but she has been taken under the wing of her fellow castmates including David and Les Dennis who plays Michael Rodwell.She said: “I got a call from my agent asking if I would like to be interviewed for Coronation Street.“I’ve never been as happy in my life because it’s been a life-long ambition to do Coronation Street.“I’ve grown up with it and I’ve got to a point in my life where I am happy to go into a long-running drama. Staying for a long time would be ideal for me.”
When Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi sits down in the Oval Office on Tuesday, he is expected to ask President Obama to boost U.S. military assistance to help his beleaguered government push Islamic State militants out of Iraq.But Obama will be seeking assurances that Abadi will rein in the Shiite Muslim militias that helped Iraqi forces drive militants out of Tikrit and other towns in recent weeks, but then carried out reprisals against some Sunni Muslim residents, according to an administration official briefed on the visit.Abadi is making his first visit to Washington since Obama sent U.S. troops and aircraft back to Iraq in August to help degrade and defeat the Islamic State. The two leaders met in September at the United Nations in New York.U.S. support for Abadi's government has grown steadily since then and is likely to increase as the war against Islamic State intensifies.U.S. Special Forces soldiers helped identify Iraqi military units that could be retrained and rearmed after tens of thousands of troops abandoned their posts and fled during Islamic State's blitz into western and northern Iraq last year.U.S.-Iraqi military operations centers were set up in Baghdad and Irbil, capital of the Kurdish region of Iraq. American soldiers are training Iraqi forces at four bases in the country, including at Al Asad air base in Anbar province.The U.S. also has provided Iraq with 100 million rounds of ammunition, 62,000 small weapons, 1,700 Hellfire air-to-ground missiles, and 300 mine-resistant armored personnel carriers. Iraqi pilots are training on F-16 fighter jets at a U.S. Air National Guard airfield near Tucson.The closer military and political relationship with Washington marks a sea change from the tenure of Abadi’s predecessor, Nouri Maliki, who kept the Obama administration at arm’s length.After he took office in September, Abadi came under pressure from U.S. diplomats to fire military officers who the U.S. said were incompetent or openly corrupt. In November, Abadi replaced 36 Iraqi commanders.Last month, when Iranian-backed militias had stalled in their assault to retake Tikrit, Abadi telephoned Vice President Joe Biden.“When I spoke with him,” Biden recalled in a speech at National Defense University last week, “he made it clear that he wanted the United States and the coalition engaged ‘all over Iraq,’ was his phrase.”U.S. warplanes, which had not played a role in the Tikrit assault, soon began pounding Islamic State positions around the city. The militants' defenses collapsed within days and Iraqi forces retook the city.Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said Monday that he's not aware of specific requests that Abadi is bringing. But he added, "If there are specific ideas that Prime Minister Abadi has for stepped-up assistance, then we'll obviously consider them seriously."The administration has "obviously been very supportive of his efforts, both diplomatically, but also in terms of providing support and assistance to Iraqi security forces," Earnest said. "And we anticipate that that partnership and that support will continue.”
These days, many doctors are wont to deliver women through caesarean section (CS). But the World Health Organisation (WHO) is urging doctors not to breach ethics in the use of CS, writes OYEYEMI GBENGA-MUSTAPHA.Some women give birth with ease; some do not. To help such women out, doctors ask then to go for Caesarean Section (CS). So, when is cs necessary? It is when there is a medical reason for it, says the World Health Organisation (WHO) where normal delivery is possible, doctors should shun cs, WHO adds, noting that many go for CS without any medical  reason, thereby putting mothers and their babies at risk.According to WHO, CS is a common surgery whose rate is on the rise, particularly in high and middle-income countries.CS becomes necessary when vaginal delivery poses a risk to the mother or baby – for example due to prolonged labour, foetal distress – or because the baby is presenting in an abnormal position.“However, caesarean sections can cause significant complications, disability or death, particularly in settings that lack the facilities to conduct safe surgeries or treat potential complications,” it stated.The WHO Statement on Caesarean Section Rates is based on two studies carried out by the UNDP/UNFPA/UNICEF/WHO/World Bank Special Programme for Research, Development and Research Training in Human Reproduction. This programme is the main instrument within the United Nations system for research in human reproduction, working within the Department of Reproductive Health and Research of the World Health Organisation.The global health watch dog said since 1985, the international healthcare community has considered the “ideal rate” for caesarean sections to be between 10 percent and 15 percent. New studies reveal that when caesarean section rates rise towards 10 percent across a population, the number of maternal and newborn deaths decreases. But when the rate goes above 10 percent, there is no evidence that mortality rates improve.“These conclusions highlight the value of caesarean section in saving the lives of mothers and newborns,” said Director of WHO’s Department of Reproductive Health and Research, Dr Marleen Temmerman. “They also illustrate how important it is to ensure a caesarean section is provided to the women in need – and to not just focus on achieving any specific rate,” she said.She added: “Across a population, the effects of caesarean section rates on maternal and newborn outcomes, such as stillbirths or morbidities – birth asphyxia – are still unknown. More research on the impact of caesarean section on women’s psychological and social well-being are still needed. Due to their increased costs, high rates of unnecessary caesarean sections can pull resources away from other services in overloaded and weak health systems.”The organisation said the lack of a standardised internationally-accepted classification system to monitor and compare caesarean section rates in a consistent and action-oriented manner is one of the factors that have hindered a better understanding of this trend, hence WHO is proposing the adoption of the Robson classification as an internationally applicable caesarean section classification system.The Robson system classifies all women admitted for delivery into one of 10 groups based on characteristics that are easily identifiable, such as number of previous pregnancies, whether the baby comes head first, gestational age, previous uterine scars, number of babies and how labour started. Using this system would facilitate comparison and analysis of caesarean rates within and between different facilities and across countries and regions.“Information gathered in a standardised, uniform and reproducible way is critical for health care facilities as they seek to optimise the use of caesarean section and assess and improve the quality of care,” explained Temmerman. “We urge the healthcare community and decision-makers to reflect on these conclusions and put them into practice at the earliest opportunity,” she added.A member of Society of Gynaecology and Obstetrics of Nigeria (SOGON), Dr Adebayo Bamisebi, explained why more women are undergoing CS. He said: “There is a better understanding of the relevance of CS to safe delivery nowadays. Before now there is a morbid fear on what CS entails and does not. But with better enlightenment, more professionalism and equipment to work with, professionals launch into CS to save mother and child. The fear is based on the notion that anything that pertains to operation in this part of the world is fearful because we don’t trust our medical experts, with a mindset that anything can happen.”Bamisebi continued: “There are many reasons a health care provider may feel that an expectant woman will need to have a CS delivery. Some caesareans occur in critical situations, some are used to prevent critical situations and some are elective.“Some reasons for the increased use of caesarean childbirth include the use of heart rate monitors to evaluate the fetal heart rate pattern; baby positioned in a manner other than head first; woman’s preference for repeat caesarean sections; labour does not progress to delivery; mother has an active genital herpes infection (the baby needs to avoid potential exposure through the birth canal); mother has HIV infection; presence of obstructions such as benign or malignant tumors in the lower reproductive tract or pelvic anatomical abnormalities; malpractice concerns, i.e, birth in a private, for-profit hospital; woman’s higher level of education and social status and increased maternal age, as more women are having babies later in life.”He said: “Also, the most frequent reasons for performing a caesarean delivery are repeat cesarean delivery: There are two types of uterine incisions – a low transverse incision and a vertical uterine incision. The direction of the incision on the skin (up and down or side to side) does not necessarily match the direction of the incision made in the uterus.”He said the medical reasons for CS are: “Previous cesarean deliveries as women with a prior history of more than one low transverse cesarean section are at slightly increased risk for uterine rupture. This risk increases significantly when the woman has had three caesarean deliveries. If an abdominal delivery is planned and a trial of labor is not an option, the best time for delivery is determined when the lungs of the fetus are mature.“Lack of labour progression: If the woman is having adequate contractions but no change in the cervix (opening to the uterus) beyond three centimeters dilation or the woman is unable to deliver the fetus despite complete dilation of the cervix and “adequate” pushing for (generally for two to three hours or more), cesarean delivery may be performed.“Abnormal position of the foetus: In a normal delivery, the baby presents head first. This is the way it happens in most births. The smallest diameter of the human skull is presented to the pelvis in the most advantageous way. This increases the success of a vaginal delivery. There are various other presentations of the fetus, which make vaginal delivery difficult, including the commonly known breech position (when the baby’s buttocks are in the lower portion of the uterus). Certain forms of breech delivery have a very low increased risk to the fetus. Breech deliveries may cause more complications, including death and neurologic disability. Careful counseling, analysis of the exact type of breech position, an estimate of the baby’s weight, and other information are required before making any decision about an attempted vaginal delivery or delivery by cesarean section.”Bamisebi added: “The fetal status, although an attractive and much-used tool, the fetal heart rate monitor has not improved birth outcomes as once expected. Some believe the lack of improved outcomes is because many current practicing doctors are poorly trained in interpreting the subtleties of fetal heart rate patterns. Since the use of continuous fetal heart rate monitoring in labour was begun, however, birth experts say death of a fetus during labour is much rarer than in the past.“Emergency situations: If the woman is severely ill or has a life-threatening injury or illness with interruption of the normal heart or lung function, she may be a candidate for an emergency caesarean section. When performed within 10 minutes of the onset of cardiac arrest, the procedure may save the newborn and improve the resuscitation rate for the mother. This procedure is performed only in the direst of circumstances. Likewise, elective sterilisation, but desire for elective sterilisation is not an indication for caesarean delivery. Sterilisation after a vaginal delivery can be performed via a tiny three-cm incision along the lower edge of the umbilicus or as a delayed procedure six weeks after delivery with laparoscopic surgery or vaginal surgery.”
Far from confirming the claim of the incurably deluded spokesperson for Goodluck Jonathan’s doomed re-election campaign that his principal had conceded defeat out of patriotism rather than because he lost irredeemably, last weekend’s gubernatorial and state assembly elections show dramatically just how diminished, how washed-up the “biggest political party in Africa” has become.One of its chieftains, who would later stand trial for criminal embezzlement (he was cleared by the courts) had declared that the PDP would rule Nigeria for 60 years “in the first instance.”More recently, as she barged from one campaign stop to another, hurling coarse abuse at her husband’s opponents and inciting rented crowds to stone anyone demanding a change from   the status quo, Dr Jonathan’s wife had stamped her ample personal authority on continuity:  60  years of PDP power, nothing less.In the event, the PDP’s reign, which has drawn far more tears than cheers, is mercifully set to expire after just 16 years.An obituary notice to that effect, a spoof on the standard Nigerian fare, has been doing the rounds. With due acknowledgement to its anonymous author and high praise for his or her creativity, I quote the epitaph in part:“With gratitude to God and total submission to the will of the Nigerian Electorate,  we announce the death of our party, grand party and great-grand party, PDP, on March 30, 2015, after a prolonged illness from corruption, impunity, arrogance, bomb blasts, etc.“Funeral services will be held on May 29, 2015, at Eagle Square, Abuja, at 10 a.m”To be sure, the reports of the PDP’s death are somewhat exaggerated.   However, persuaded that it has served its time and now faces a bleak future, many of its hardiest denizens are bailing out as if it were a ship on which an outbreak of Ebola fever has just been confirmed.  The PDP, they have now realised, with their own Iyiola Omisore, is nothing without the Presidency.As things stand now, the APC has, in addition to winning the Presidency, racked up comfortable majorities in both houses of the National Assembly, and all the principal officers of that body will come from its ranks.  It also has some 20 gubernatorial chairs and the same number of state assemblies under its control.Not bad for an opposition party that Dr Jonathan’s wife derided endlessly as an “expired drug”’ that has undergone so many name-changes that it might yet call itself “Ebola” — a party against which her husband who was only last week being hailed as a statesman for merely doing the decent thing, re-launched a vile, divisive, money-drenched campaign in a desperate but ultimately futile bid to supplant in Lagos, its stronghold.Oba Rilwan Akiolu’s bellicose warning to the Igbo to vote for the APC gubernatorial candidate Akinwunmi Ambode or face the consequences may well have been his answer to Dr Jonathan’s dishonourable campaign. But that is no justification. Whatever happened to noblesse oblige?Fears that Nigeria may become a one-party state, what with the rate at which members of the PDP are abandoning ship for the victorious APC bring to memory the aftermath of the 1983 general elections during which the NPN, inebriated with its stolen victories across Nigeria, declared that all other political parties had become “irrelevant.”   Three months later, it was swept into oblivion by the military.The APC must not for a moment indulge in such hubris.  Nothing stops the PDP from re-building itself into a strong and credible opposition party the way a decimated Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) under the dynamic and committed leadership of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu had done before the merger that produced the APCFor one thing, even in those geopolitical zones where it is weakest, the PDP still has some diehard supporters, witness its entrenchment in the South East and South South where the plucky Rochas Okorocha and the much-persecuted but resolute Chibuike Amaechi are the last men standing, its tenacious grip in Ondo, its close run in Lagos, and its comprehensive sweep in all the elections held in Ekiti in the past two weeks.At his inauguration last July, Ekiti Governor Ayodele Fayose had in a speech that sounded as if it was an entry in the diary of a mad man, had vowed to drive the ACN not just out of Ekiti but out of Yoruba land and Nigeria.A delusion, to be sure; but he seems to have succeeded in driving it out of Ekiti.In the June 2014 election that returned Fayose to power after a previous outing remembered mainly for high scandal, arbitrariness, brazen corruption and sophomoric stunts, he won a majority in every local government to defeat the incumbent, Dr Kayode Fayemi.We now know, through damning documentary evidence produced by a competent witness, that the victory was procured, not by the so-called stomach infrastructure strategy, but by good old-fashioned skullduggery.But the formula Fayose employed to deliver Ekiti to Jonathan in the presidential race, secure the election of three senators, six members of the House of Representatives and 26 members of  the state assembly, all of whom he had personally handpicked, without challenge  – how Fayose constituted Ekiti into a one-party state remains one the best-kept secrets of Nigerian politics.Household per household, Ekiti is reputed to have the largest number of holders of advanced degrees not just in Nigeria but in all of Africa, and surely ranks high in the world league for that distinction, if it does not sit at the very top.That a delinquent who parades his mother’s infirmity of the most intimate kind in the market square to score a cheap political point can hold them in thrall, pervert all they hold dear and block every recourse to justice and redress, is an affront and a standing rebuke to the learned and highly accomplished people of Ekiti, and the elders who won’t call him to order.History will show that Fayose could not have done it without Dr Jonathan’s close collaboration or active connivance.  But how will the Ekiti people explain this tragic turn in their history to their progeny?To return to what lies ahead, at this defining moment:  The task before the APC now is to transform a loose coalition into a focused governing party and translate slogan into actuality.  It must deliver change – change that Nigerians can feel and see in their living conditions and in the lives of their children.Not change that will occur in a nebulous future, like regular power supply, but change with an immediate impact.It cannot be business as usual.  Governance cannot be a jobs-for-the boys scheme.  In this data-driven age, it cannot be an encounter of the unprepared with the unforeseen.Public expectations are high.  There is so much do, so much to fix.During World War II, one American military unit had this as its motto:  “The difficult task we do right away; the impossible takes a little longer.”That is the spirit that should animate the APC as it prepares to take power and guide it throughout its rule.This must not be another false dawn.
Anxiety has gripped the people of Ado- Ekiti, as the state awaits the Supreme Court’s verdict today on the June 21 governorship election won by Governor Ayodele Fayose.The All Progressives Congress, APC, in the state, having lost the bid to have the Election Petition Tribunal and the Appeal Court upturn the victory of Fayose of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, had approached the Supreme Court to seek redress.While Fayose in a statewide broadcast yesterday asked residents to keep the peace and go about their lawful duties, the APC raised an alarm over alleged plan by PDP to attack its members and supporters if the judgment threatened Fayose’s position.Publicity Secretary, Taiwo Olatunbosun, said in a statement that the party had uncovered plans to burn houses of APC leaders and cause bodily harm to its members and supporters if the judgment is not favourable to the governor.However, factional Speaker of the House of Assembly, Dele Olugbemi, alleged plan by some individuals to plunge the state into chaos.Olugbemi said yesterday that he was under pressure from some unnamed forces in Lagos and Osun states to withdraw his support for Governor Fayose “with a view to succeed in the illegal bid of the APC lawmakers in the state Assembly to impeach the governor.”The PDP speaker, who said the decision of the APC lawmakers to discontinue suit No FHC/L/CS/1823/2014 filed by the embattled Speaker, Dr Adewale Omirin, challenging his November 20, 2014, impeachment was among steps being taken to lure him into their camp.Olugbemi, who said his belief in the cause of Ekiti development could not be sacrificed on the altar of any form of inducement from sponsors of the APC lawmakers, said Ekiti would not be allowed to become a theatre of war again.The lawmaker told a press conference in Ado- Ekiti yesterday that the plan of APC lawmakers “is to cause another state of emergency in the state. That is why they are coming up with all these.“We have had enough political instability in Ekiti State and this time around, those who caused the 2006 imbroglio will not be allowed to destabilise the state just because their party has been voted out of power in the state.“Governor Fayose was elected to govern Ekiti for four years and those throwing stones from Lagos and Osun states are warned to desist lest they incur the wrath of Ekiti people,” Olugbemi said.Last Thursday, the Omirin- led APC lawmakers had said they had written the state Chief Judge, Ayodeji Daramola, to set up a sevenman committee to investigate Fayose over the impeachment allegation they leveled against him.But Olugbemi, in a swift reaction on Friday, urged the Chief Judge to ignore any letter purportedly written by the APC lawmakers, describing Omirin as an impostor having been impeached and challenging his impeachment as Speaker in court.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has asked a Lagos High Court sitting in Ikeja to adjourn sine die (indefinitely) its ruling on an application filed by a former Managing Director of Bank PHB, Mr. Francis Atuche.                             Atuche is seeking to quash the  N25.7 billion theft charge preferred against him alongside his wife, Elizabeth and a former Chief Financial Officer of the bank, Ugo Anyanwu.At the resumed sitting of the court yesterday, counsel to the EFCC, Mr Dele Adesina (SAN) in an application,  urged  Justice Lateef-Lawal Akapo of Lagos High Court, Ikeja to adjourn the ruling indefinitely.Adesina said the application  was pending the outcome of the appeal filed against the Court of Appeal judgment of November 21,2013  by the EFCC which struck out the theft charges preferred against a former Managing Director of Finbank Plc, Mr. Okey Nwosu and others for lack of jurisdiction.Adesina told the court that the EFCC had filed an appeal against the judgment at the Supreme Court, adding that the matter has being granted expeditious hearing due to its importance.In his response,  Atuche’s counsel, Mr Tayo Oyetibo (SAN) asked the court to reject the application. Oyetibo told the court that the application was intended at truncating the ruling which was listed as the business of the day.Atuche had approached the court for the quashing of the charge, arguing that like Nwosu’s case, the state high court had no jurisdiction to entertain the matter.Oyetibo had maintained that the cases were similar in nature because they emanated from capital market transactions.“The appellate court had held that such capital market-based matter was an exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal High Court,” he said.To buttress his submission, he referred the court to the judgment of the Court of Appeal, Lagos, delivered December 31 last year in the case of Dr. Erastus Akingbola against the Federal Republic of Nigeria.According to him, the appellate court struck out the case against the former Managing Director of the defunct Intercontinental Bank Plc, on  similar grounds.                                                                                            However, after taking the submissions of both parties,  Justice Lawal-Akapo said nobody could predict the time the Supreme Court would arrive at its verdict in the said appeal.He said judges at the lower court had waited for over a year for the apex court to clarify the ruling given by the Court of Appeal on the Okey Nwosu’s case.He adjourned the matter till April 22 this year for arguments on the application.
After witnessing the best in the Commonwealth, the Emirates Airline Rugby 7s returns to its usual home at Scotstoun Stadium in three weeks’ time (Saturday 9 & Sunday 10 May), bringing the world’s best teams to compete in the HSBC Sevens World Series.With a comic book theme for this year’s event, you can show off your inner superhero, baddie or favourite crime-fighting character, or even Scotland’s much-loved Broons and Oor Wullie and get creative with your fancy dress. But once the whistle blows it’ll be down to serious business on the pitch, with precious Series points and the Ned Haig Cup up for grabs. South Africa, Fiji and New Zealand are all battling for the overall Series title, while Scotland are enjoying their best season for years, sitting in seventh place overall.Alongside the action on the pitch you’ll find a great weekend’s entertainment, from live music and fancy dress in the Party Stand, to family-friendly seating, games, prizes, food and bars - not forgetting the Daily Record Festival of Rugby, where the best young teams from across Scotland come to compete in their own age grade competitions. Expect a fun-filled weekend for the whole family – be there or be square!Two adults and up to three children aged 17 or under can take advantage of a Family Pass for only £40, with seats in the Family Stand. Available now from www.glasgow7s.com
Police in Perth are hunting vandals who set a bus shelter on fire in Argyll Road, North Muirton.It comes just days after play equipment was torched at the North Inch playpark and vandals on a graffiti spree damaged premises around the Watergate area.Elsewhere, an elderly resident in Kinrossie was pressured into paying a sum of money for needless maintenance work, which was never carried out. Police are advising the public not to engage with cold callers, and guidance on keeping safe can be found at: www.scotland.police.uk/keep-safe/safety-security-advice/personal-safety/doorstep-crime-and-bogus-callers.Meanwhile, some time between March 31 and April 2 a mini excavator was stolen from Green Road, Balbeggie, with a value of £3000.Inspector Ian Scott of Perth police said: "We have had two or three similar crimes across the Perth and Kinross area lately and we would especially like to hear from members of the building industry if they have any information relating to this type of crime."I mentioned the recent launch of the Police Scotland Wildlife Crime initiative, details of which can be found at: www.scotland.police.uk/contact-us/report-wildlife-crime"The unexplained death of two buzzards in the Aberfeldy area is being investigated by our Wildlife Crime Officer."On the back of my collision with a deer last week, an unfortunate road traffic collision involving a police vehicle and a buzzard occurred near Yetts O Muckhart during the early hours of April 5, damaging the wing mirror of the vehicle and startling the officer. If there is a positive, it again demonstrates our rich natural heritage, as once rare animals become a more common sight."In the early hours of April 4 an unsecured house in King Street, Crieff, was entered and a handbag was stolen, householders are asked to ensure that doors and windows are secured overnight."In Invergowrie a summer house in Noble Avenue was broken into overnight on Sunday, April 5, with a bicycle and mitre saw being stolen and some time between April 3 and 6 a garden shed in Dargie Road was violated with another bicycle and lawn mower being stolen."Finally, we continue to target drug dealers and on Tuesday, April 7 two males from London and a local woman appeared at Perth Sheriff Court charged with various Misuse of Drugs offences and were remanded in custody. Class 1 drugs with a value of over £2000 were recovered."
Wallabies prop Paddy Ryan has recommitted to the New South Wales Waratahs through to the end of the 2016 Super Rugby season.Ryan, who debuted for the reigning champions in 2011, will play on for a sixth season with the club and says he wants to "build a legacy"."I'm a proud New South Welshman and there are more exciting times ahead for us here," the Tamworth native said in a Waratahs statement."The club has changed a lot during my time here and I am pleased that my role in helping build a legacy will continue."The signing of Daryl Gibson as the head coach for next year and the re-signing of a number of our key players provides us all with plenty of confidence for the future."With fellow Wallabies Sekope Kepu and Wycliff Palu set to leave the team, Gibson says the stage is set for Ryan to become the leader of the pack."This is a great opportunity for Paddy to step up and establish himself as the senior tighthead prop in the team, and re-signing to the Waratahs demonstrates his commitment to the team's values and culture." Gibson said."With a number of senior leaders in the squad moving on, Paddy's experience will be very important for the broader squad to draw upon."
The Australian bond market is slightly firmer as worries about the upcoming US first quarter earnings season gave safe haven assets a boost."US share markets were lower overnight on concerns that a stronger US dollar and lower oil prices will hurt corporate earnings," St George senior economist Hans Kunnen said."US companies are currently in an earnings reporting season with major companies such as General Electric, Intel and Johnson & Johnson set to report this week."At 0830 AEST on Tuesday, the June 2015 10-year bond futures contract was trading at 97.665 (implying a yield of 2.335 per cent), up from 97.655 (2.345 per cent) on Monday.The June 2015 three-year bond futures contract was at 98.320 (1.680 per cent), up from 98.300 (1.700 per cent).Local economic data due out on Tuesday includes the National Australia Bank monthly business survey and the ANZ-Roy Morgan weekly consumer confidence survey.
About 20 people gathered last night outside Latrobe City Council's Morwell offices, in south-east Victoria, to protest against the anti-Islamic social media activity of a councillor.The protesters are demanding that council discipline Cr Christine Sindt for posts on her council-linked Facebook page which link Islam to terrorism, hate and paedophilia.Protesters held signs which said 'love not hate'.The council has pledged to bring in a mediator to speak to Cr Sindt, after she refused to remove the posts.The organiser of last night's protest, David Hollis, said Muslim people should feel welcome in the Latrobe Valley, not targeted."We're here because Cr Christine Sindt has been saying some things about members of the community and they're feeling targeted, they're feeling a bit scared," he said."We're here to show solidarity because we don't agree with what she's saying."Mr Hollis said the protest showed council that residents were outraged by Cr Sindt's behaviour."It's [Cr Sindt's Facebook page] got the legitimacy of authority and it encourages her supporters to target minority groups that really have never been an issue in the Latrobe Valley," he said.Cr Sindt said she did not have time to comment before last night's council meeting.She has previously said her Facebook posts reflect her own personal views.
Two men are facing charges after homes and vehicles in three northeast communities were riddled with bullet holes Sunday morning from an overnight shooting.Police were called at about 11:45 p.m. Saturday after a dark-coloured truck was spotted in Temple, Monterey and Abbeydale with occupants “randomly” shooting at cars and homes.At least three vehicles and two homes were damaged during the shooting spree, costing an estimated $10,000 in damages. No one was injured, but three people reported they had been threatened by the men.Police arrested two suspects and seized a rifle at about 12:30 a.m. Sunday.Sabri Ahmed Sabrie, 21, and Wasiullah Aminzada, 22, both of Calgary, are facing several charges, including five counts of mischief causing danger to life, possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, unauthorized possession of a firearm and uttering threats.Police believe the gunfire was random and that no particular property or resident was targeted.
It will take place in June 5.The day will feature live music events and performances involving both well-known musicians and local communities across the UK and the BBC's Performing Groups, and will be broadcast on BBC Radio 2, BBC Radio 3, BBC 6 Music, Asian Network, BBC Local Radio, and at bbc.co.uk/musicday.BBC One's The One Show will be broadcasting live from the Music Day event in Glasgow and there will also be five day Festival of Music centred around Pacific Quay in Glasgow.Every Radio Scotland music programme will be part of the celebrations, including a special of Bryan Burnett's Show as well as Travelling Folk, Jazz House and Another Country with Ricky Ross. Events in Scotland begin on June 3 with the debut of BBC Radio Scotland's new music live performance show, The Quay Sessions.Poetry, performance and songs about a "ship full of cannibal rats" are among the highlights of this weekend's Big Lit book festival in Gatehouse of Fleet, Dumfries and Galloway.The festival runs from April 16-19 and features, among others, Michele Roberts, the Booker Prize-shortlisted author of twelve novels including The Looking Glass and Daughters of the House and Terry Darlington.Jenny Lindsay and Rachel McCrum are providing Sunday afternoon's finale when they appear as their alter egos Rally and Broad (pictured) and much of the cabaret will be focused round their latest collections of poetry Do Not Alight Here Again and Ire & Salt, both written against the backdrop of last year's referendum.Karen Campbell is speaking about her new novel Rise, the poems of Hugh MacDiarmid are set to music and sung by Nicola Black and Elspeth Brown and Vivien Jones are launching new poetry collections. Many of the events are free.Music at Paxton, a festival of international chamber music, takes place in Paxton House on the banks of the River Tweed in the Scottish Borders from July 17-26. Music at Paxton was started in 2006 and the concerts take place in Paxton House's Picture Gallery. The festival has been planned by Helen Jamieson and features Brahms and Viennese threads throughout the programme, and the first Scottish performance by Signum Quarter.There are Paxton House debuts by Natalie Clein, Benjamin Grosvenor and Notos Piano Quartet, a meet the artist event and two free concerts.Christiaan De Beukelaer, a lecturer in Cultural Management at Queen Margaret University, Edinburgh, has published a new book, Developing Cultural Industries: Learning from the Palimpsest of Practice. Its research focuses on cultural and creative industries in 'developing countries'. De Beukelaer explores how the concepts of cultural and creative industries are constructed and implemented across African countries and evaluates various policy implications of his findings.The lecturer was awarded the 2012 Cultural Policy Research Award (CPRA), which led to the publication of his book. The CPRA honours young and talented researchers addressing topics of European relevance in the field of applied and comparative cultural policy.
Environmentalists and the Greens are calling on the NSW government to ban coal seam gas mining following a report showing gas shortages in the state are unlikely.Revising earlier forecasts, the Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO) on Monday said it did not expect gas shortages in NSW in the short, medium or long term.In the report, the AEMO, which manages the national electricity market, attributed the revision largely to a "17 per cent decline in the 2019 forecast for industrial, residential and commercial gas consumption"."The only forecast medium and long-term supply gaps are in Queensland," AEMO added.The government has previously pointed to supply shortages as a reason to pursue gas projects in order to keep energy prices down.Greens NSW mining spokesman Jeremy Buckingham said coal seam gas mining should be banned across the state following the AEMO report."The Baird government should revise its NSW Gas Plan to exclude coal seam gas, given it is unnecessary, has been comprehensively rejected by voters and is not worth the risk to land and water," Mr Buckingham said in a statement.Community lobby Lock The Gate urged "a complete redrafting of New South Wales onshore gas policy"."The basis for the government's support for developing unsafe unconventional gas mining in rural areas was the expectation of a supply gap that we now know is not going to occur," co-ordinator Georgina Woods said in a statement.She said without increasing gas demand, there was no need for the government's Gas Plan "and no justification for industrialising New South Wales farmland".However, Cheryl Cartwright, from the Australian Pipelines and Gas Association, cautioned against limiting gas supply in the state."In order to halt or slow the demise of the nation's manufacturing sector, long-term gas supplies must be brought to the domestic market," she said."We need government policies that encourage this supply."CSG was a key issue in the recent state election, and a driver for big swings against the coalition in some regional seats, including Ballina and Lismore.He said rising gas prices were hurting industry, leading to a drop in demand."This is a clear signal that manufacturers and other businesses are suffering, as are those employed by them," he told AAP in a statement."Supply constraints are causing rising prices which has led demand to fall. There may still be potential for gas shortfall, however AEMO is now saying this is much less likely due to industrial wind-down."To put downward pressure on energy prices we need the growth of viable gas projects - it's that simple."
MOSCOW — President Vladimir Putin on Monday opened the way for Russia's delivery of a sophisticated air defence missile system to Iran, a move that would significantly bolster the Islamic republic's military capability.U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry objected to Moscow's decision in a phone call to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, and the White House indicated the move could endanger plans to ultimately lift sanctions on Iran as part of a final nuclear deal.White House press secretary Josh Earnest said unity and co-ordination with nations like Russia is critical to the success of the negotiations.Putin's move was quickly welcomed by Tehran, while it worried Israel, which saw it as a sign that Iran already had begun to cash in on the nuclear deal with world powers that is expected to be finalized by the end of June.Russia signed the $800 million contract to sell Iran the S-300 missile system in 2007, but suspended their delivery three years later because of strong objections from the United States and Israel. Putin on Monday lifted that ban.The preliminary agreement on settling the Iranian nuclear standoff reached earlier this month made the 2010 Russian ban unnecessary, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said in a televised statement.The deal reached by Iran and six world powers is intended to significantly restrict its ability to produce nuclear weapons while giving it relief from international sanctions. The agreement is supposed to be finalized by June 30, and there is no firm agreement yet on how or when to lift the international sanctions on Iran.The S-300 missile system, which has a range of up to 200 kilometres (125 miles) and the capability to track down and strike multiple targets simultaneously, is one of the most potent air defence weapons in the world."The S-300 is exclusively a defensive weapon, which can't serve offensive purposes and will not jeopardize the security of any country, including, of course, Israel," Lavrov said.Deployed in big numbers, the system could provide a strong deterrent against any air attack. If Israel decides to attack Iran's nuclear facilities, the S-300s would further complicate the already daunting task.Israeli Cabinet minister Yuval Steinitz said the framework nuclear agreement helped legitimize Iran and cleared the way for Monday's announcement by Russia.Israel has harshly criticized the U.S.-led nuclear deal, saying it would give Iran relief from sanctions while leaving its nuclear program largely intact. Israel believes Iran still intends to develop a nuclear weapon."This is a direct result of the legitimacy that Iran obtained from the emerging nuclear deal," Steinitz said. He added that the arms deal shows that Iran plans to use the relief from economic sanctions to buy arms, not improve the living conditions of its people."Instead of demanding Iran stop its terror activities that it spreads in the Middle East and the entire world, it is being allowed to arm itself with advanced weapons that will only increase its aggression," Steinitz said.Lavrov didn't say when Moscow could deliver the missiles. Russian officials previously said that the specific model of the S-300 that Russia was to deliver under the 2007 contract is no longer produced, and offered Iran a modified version of it called S-300VM, or Antey-2500.In Tehran, Gen. Reza Talaeinik said the decision by Russia on delivery of the air defence system will help improve ties between Tehran and Moscow, the semi-official Tasnim news agency, which is close to Iran's military, reported.Back in 2010, Russia linked its decision to freeze the missiles' delivery to the sanctions the United Nations Security Council imposed on Iran over its nuclear program, but Lavrov argued Monday that the Russian move was voluntary and not directly required by the U.N. resolutions."It was done in the spirit of good will in order to encourage progress in talks," Lavrov said. "We are convinced that at this stage there is no longer need for such an embargo, specifically for a separate, voluntary Russian embargo."Iran responded to the Russian ban by filing a lawsuit with a court in Geneva seeking $4 billion in damages for breach of contract, but the court has not issued a ruling.
THE EUROMILLIONS numbers for Friday, April 3, have been drawn.The winning numbers are 27, 29, 37, 39 and 49. The lucky stars are 2 and 4.An estimated £11m jackpot is on offer to anyone who matches five main numbers and two lucky stars.For those who missed it, the winning Euromillions numbers for the last draw on Tuesday, March 31, were: 8, 20, 24, 28 and 49. The lucky stars were 8 and 9.The next Euromillions draw will take place on Tuesday, March 8.EuroMillions has a total of 13 prize tiers and the overall odds of winning a prize are also 1 in 13.Prizes are won for matching just two numbers or more and culminate with the jackpot prize for matching all five main numbers plus the two Lucky Star numbers drawn.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has re-ignited controversy over his role in the Troubles by stating he never pulled a trigger, ordered a murder, or set off a bomb.Mr Adams makes the claims in a major interview with US TV to be broadcast tomorrow following continuing allegations he was a senior member of the IRA, something he has always denied.The Sinn Féin leader was pressed on the notorious 1972 abduction and murder of mother of 10 Jean McConville by the IRA.When asked by the interviewer: “How do you orphan 10 children? What kind of depravity is that?” Mr Adams says all wars have casualties.“That’s what happens in war. That’s not to minimise it. That’s what American soldiers do, British soldiers do, Irish republican soldiers do. That’s what happens in every single conflict,” Mr Adams says in the interview in which he denies any involvement in what happened to Ms McConville.A trailer for the CBS show 60 Minutes refers to the fact “many people believe” Mr Adams could be prime minister of the Irish Republic one day and is therefore careful about questions regarding the IRA.“I don’t disassociate myself from the IRA. I think the IRA was a legitimate response to what was happening here. But I was not a member of the IRA,” Mr Adams said.Following the release to the PSNI of taped recordings with republican figures collated by Boston College, Mr Adams says he approached the police to discuss the issues regarding Ms McConville’s murder.The Sinn Féin leader was then held in detention by the PSNI for four days last year as he was questioned regarding the abduction and murder.“To be quite honest I was sick, sore and tired of a tsunami of stories based on these tapes linking me to Mrs McConville’s death.“So I contacted the police and said, ‘Look you want to talk to me, I’m here to talk.’“They said that I was a senior member of the IRA at managerial level so I’m bound to have known.The CBS preview states Mr Adams says he never pulled a trigger, ordered a murder or set off a bomb.DISCOVER MORE CONTENT LIKE THIS
Reynolds, 52, led Canaccord Genuity as it was transformed from a Canadian brokerage business to an independent global investment bank.He is survived by his wife and four children.Reynolds was competing Sunday in an event in Kona, Hawaii, that includes a 1,500-metre swim, 40-kilometre bike ride and 10-km run.According to media reports, he ran into problems during the swim and was pulled from the water and rushed to hospital.Canaccord says its chair, David Kassie, has been appointed to fill the CEO's role immediately. He will help with a search for a permanent successor."This is a difficult day for everyone at Canaccord Genuity," Kassie said in statement."As the architect of our firm's global transformation, Paul's distinct style of partnership, friendship and respect over three decades of commitment is just part of the legacy he leaves us all."The company initially announced Monday that Kassie would fill in for Reynolds until he was able to resume his duties.Canaccord Genuity is one of Canada's largest non-bank investment and capital markets firms, operating offices in 10 countries including the United States. Its main Canadian offices are in Vancouver and Toronto.
The Tayside Trauma Team and Scotland’s Charity Air Ambulance team met for a day of training.The event was to promote collaborative work at the scenes of serious incidents where patients have sustained injuries.Dr Mike Donald, clinical lead for the Tayside Trauma Team, said: “One of the misconceptions about providing clinical care in austere environments such as at the roadside or the bottom of a cliff, is that patients can be simply ‘scooped’ from the scene and rapidly transferred to an emergency department for definitive care.“Scotland’s Charity Air Ambulance has been a very welcome addition to the emergency resources available to patients in Tayside and we have interfaced with their team on many occasions at incidents since they commenced their service.”John Pritchard, lead paramedic for Scotland’s Charity Air Ambulance said: “This is a fantastic opportunity for the Helimed 76 team to be involved in cross-over training with Tayside Trauma Team.“This type of training is essential in maintaining a seamless on-scene service to casualties, which promotes the best possible outcomes in time-critical emergencies.“Scottish Charity Air Ambulance and the Tayside Trauma Team have been an effective partnership and today’s training can only enhance that.”
Dean Windass previews Hull City's trip to Swansea and says the return of Mo Diame could make all the difference.WHEN a club like Swansea makes massive progress over a short space of time, you cannot help but admire their achievements.Hull City's opponents this afternoon have managed to establish themselves as a solid Premier League outfit. They remind me of Bolton when they were under Sam Allardyce.The fans love their football down in Wales and they are very passionate about their team, which is great to see.I played against Swansea boss Garry Monk a lot of times during my football career and back then, he was a no-nonsense centre-half.I must admit, I was sceptical that Swansea were going to push on when Michael Laudrup left, but to Gaz's credit, he's done a remarkable job since taking over. He's brought that gritty mentality to Swansea and I'm pleased that they've done so well under him so far.I feared the worst when they sold Wilfred Bony. He was the one banging in goals from all over the place, but he was sold to Manchester City for a tidy £25m.What Swansea will do with that money is undoubtedly strengthen over the summer, and Monky will have a list of targets already laid out. The only real pressure on the Swansea players today is to go out and earn their stripes for next season.With nothing to aim for, no Cup competitions or any real prospect of entering Europe, the pressure is on Hull City.Getting any sort of result at the Liberty Stadium is a fantastic achievement, but it's a big ask due to the long trip down.If City starve Swansea of possession, that will go a long way towards claiming a positive outcome.Dame N'Doye remains the key figure for me to take the game to the hosts.He impressed me hugely with his holding-up play against Chelsea, for such a slim man. Teams are yet to have sussed him out totally since he signed in February and that will work in Hull City's favour. But N'Doye will need help from Abel Hernandez and company, with Mohamed Diame's return also coming at a crucial stage.With eight games to go, this is arguably one of the toughest but I'm hoping for a happy return.Mo Diame will be key to survivalTHE injury curse which has rocked the Tigers throughout the season looks to be coming to an end – fingers crossed – and one man's return to the City fold today will be massive.Mohamed Diame will start at Swansea, in my eyes, after four months out with a knee injury, and his return will be welcomed across his City team-mates.I was very surprised to see how quickly Diame settled in when he signed from West Ham United on deadline day last year.Scoring four goals in his first five games is a fantastic return for any player, and in those five games, six points were collected for Steve Bruce's men.From the back four to the front two, they will ask of Diame: "Same again please."To have another threat in the form of Diame, with his tough physical presence and a keen eye for goal, will be like having another striker on the pitch.Couple that with Abel Hernandez and Dame N'Doye up front, as well as the remarkably fit-again Gaston Ramirez, City can be confident of plenty of power up front this afternoon.Ramirez is fully-fit after suffering a hamstring strain whilst on international duty with Uruguay, and he'll be wanting to back up a great performance against Chelsea at the Liberty Stadium today.I want to see a bit more from Ramirez. When the ball is played forward, chase it with purpose. Against Swansea, City have to be clinical.Even with Nikica Jelavic out injured, I'm confident with Diame and hopefully Ramirez in form that the Tigers will secure safety.Being released is horrible, but kids can bounce backIT'S never easy having to release a young footballer from any club. I should know, I've been on the receiving end of the decision.The Tigers unveiled their retained list for the Academy lads earlier this week and for the ones who were let go, they will probably feel like their world has ended.Speaking from what I felt at the time of my release from Hull City at the age of 18, I was gutted. I remember going home to my mum and dad crying my eyes out.These young kids, who were sitting in the office with Steve Bruce and Tony Pennock, the academy manager, will have been either delighted or distraught. It's a horrible thing for anyone to have to go through.But my old man lived by the philosophy of "Prove them wrong", and that's exactly what these kids need to do. I hope they all bounce back and find their feet in football. You either go down one route, or the other.My message is: keep your heads up.
The UK is to get its first three proton beam therapy centres in what is being hailed as a cancer treatment milestone.Cardiff-based Proton Partners International Ltd is to open the treatment centres in Cardiff, London and Northumberland by 2017 and the first - Cardiff - will be operational next year.The announcement comes not long after the parents of brain cancer survivor Ashya King told how the five year old made a ''miracle'' recovery after receiving proton beam therapy which was initially not available to him on the NHS.Brett and Naghmeh King sparked an international manhunt after taking their son out of hospital in Southampton without doctors' consent.The Proton Therapy Centre (PTC) in Prague, where Ashya received the treatment last year, said it was ''thrilled'' to hear news that a recent scan showed no sign of a tumour.The new UK centres will be available for NHS patients from England, Scotland and Wales, medically-insured private patients and self-paying patients.Proton Partners International has been formed following discussions between Professor Sir Chris Evans, the life sciences entrepreneur, and UK life sciences and healthcare investors on addressing cancer treatment in the UK.Institutional and private investors have committed to almost £100 million equity finance in the company.Professor Gordon McVie, senior consultant at the European Institute of Oncology, has been appointed chairman, and Professor Karol Sikora has agreed to become chief medical adviser to the company, alongside a range of renowned cancer and healthcare experts.Prof McVie said: "This is an exciting and important development of the provision of cancer treatment in the UK. As things stand, patients who can benefit from this treatment have to go abroad for treatment, often at great expense to the NHS."The creation of these centres will go a long way to ensuring the very best of treatment is available in the UK."Sir Chris said: "We are delighted that the UK's first centre will be based in Cardiff and Wales Life Sciences Investment Fund is proud to support this breakthrough. There are more than 150,000 people treated for cancer each year in the UK and the demand for treatment is growing."It is anticipated that NHS demand for proton beam therapy abroad will reach 1,500 patients by 2017. Proton Partners will be able to play a leading part in helping meet demand in the UK as of next year."In addition to state of the art Proton Partners' treatment services, the Cardiff centre will provide conventional radiotherapy, chemotherapy and supportive care. This could then be offered through other centres.Proton beam therapy is a highly-targeted type of radiotherapy that can treat hard-to-reach cancers, such as spinal tumours, with a lower risk of damaging the surrounding tissue and causing side effects.In the future, Proton Partners International intends to develop further proton therapy centres in Asia, the Middle East and Africa.The Government has announced that it is to create two NHS proton beam therapy units which will open in 2018.
HISTORY will be brought to life at this year's Edwardian Easter celebration.The event, now in its second year, will take place at the Museums Quarter in Scale Lane and in High Street today (Saturday, 10am-4pm).Last year, the event brought about 11,000 visitors to Hull's Old Town.Period performers will walk the Museum Gardens and the nearby streets with local performers Hillbilly Troupe, Shiznitz and vintage tribute singer Cherie Lawrence, joined by London duo Allcock and Brown.The event is being organised by Hull Bid and Hull Museums and Heritage Learning.Annika Nickson, event manager at Heritage Learning, said the Edwardian Easter, Victorian Christmas and Old Town Through The Ages events are revealing a hunger for history and enticing increasing numbers of people to enjoy the Museums Quarter and Old Town.She said: "The partnership with businesses in the area, initiated by Hull Bid, is helping us grow these events, with the Edwardian Easter forming part of Hull Museums' First World War centenary programme."Other attractions planned for the weekend include a helter skelter, Punch and Judy shows, face painting and free children's craft activities, as well as an Easter egg trail.Kathryn Shillito, Hull Bid city centre manager, said events such as this bring in more trade.She said: "Businesses in the Old Town are telling us that they see an increase in trade when these events take place and we're trying to build on that by extending the reach of the attractions and entertainment."The organisers of Trinity Open Market will have more than 30 stalls, including two in Whitefriargate, which will help promote Edwardian Easter to a wider audience."The land train will be running and there will be the hugely popular horse and carriage rides."We have focused Hull Bid's investment on providing more musical entertainment and bringing the performers onto the streets of the Old Town. Businesses are responding to that by organising their own events."Dennis Wann, licensee of the Sailmakers Arms in High Street, will connect with the theme of military history by hosting a fundraiser by three ex-servicemen who are planning to join this year's Big Battlefield Bike Ride in aid of Help for Heroes.Mr Wann said: "They'll be doing a 12-hour cycle ride in the archway at the front of the pub and we hope they'll be supported by a big crowd on the day."What we've found with previous events is that they attract some people who are discovering the Old Town for the first time, and those people often come back."We have seen an increase in trade in the past two years and that's down to the increase in activity in the Old Town."
This was after the crime busting unit the Hawks received a tip-off that the woman was using fake qualifications.During her arrest, scores of other patients were lining up to be treated by her.She was wearing a white doctors' coat at the time of her arrest.She appeared in the Polokwane Magistrate's Court yesterday where she was not asked to plead and was remanded in custody until April 14 when she would apply for bail.Hawks spokesman Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi said the woman was in possession of fraudulent documents which she used to practise as a dentist.He said preliminary investigations had revealed that she had conducted her business in Pretoria and Polokwane since 2007."Upon her arrest the suspect indicated that she did not have matric and that all her qualifications had been obtained fraudulently," said Mulaudzi.He said the woman had been using the practice number of a KwaZulu-Natal dentist who had been struck off the roll."When we checked with the Health Professions Council of South Africa (HPCSA) through the suspect's practice number we discovered that the person who was allocated that number was struck off the roll in January this year for failure to pay an annual fee."We are now working hard to find out how the suspect had managed to obtain that number," he said.He said the woman also used different identities, which were also the subject of investigations."She identified herself as Mankoro Josephine Matlou during her practise, while sometimes she used the name of Mankoro Josephine Motsumi."As to how she had obtained a certificate from the HPCSA to allow her to operate is still a mystery.Mulaudzi said they had received an assurance from the HPCSA that they would work with them to uncover the corrupt practices.A dentist who worked with the woman for a month in Polokwane told Sowetan yesterday she noticed there was something amiss with her, hence she raised the alarm.The whistle-blower said she also discovered that the woman had worked in several surgeries in Pretoria and Polokwane as a dentist.For more stories like this one, be sure to buy the Sowetan newspaper from Mondays to Fridays
A man who spent nearly 30 years on Alabama’s death row was freed Friday after a decades-long fight to prove his innocence.Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham. He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner, who said “Thank you Lord, thank you Jesus” as she hugged him.“I shouldn’t have sat on death row for 30 years,” Hinton told reporters. “All they had to do was test the gun.”Hinton was convicted of the 1985 murders of two Birmingham fast-food restaurant managers. Crime scene bullets were the only evidence that linked Hinton to the crime. However, prosecutors said this week that modern forensic methods did not show the fatal bullets came from a revolver in Hinton’s home, or even from the same gun.Hinton said he would continue to pray for the victims’ families, as this was a miscarriage of justice for them as well.“They had every intention of executing me for something I didn’t do,” Hinton said.The U.S. Supreme Court ruled last year that Hinton had inadequate counsel and sent the case back for a second trial. Prosecutors had been preparing for a retrial but moved to dismiss the case following the testing on the bullets.The Supreme Court ruled last year that Hinton had “constitutionally deficient” representation at his initial trial. Hinton’s defense lawyer wrongly thought he had only $1,000 to hire a ballistics expert to try to rebut the prosecution testimony about the bullets. The lawyer hired the only person willing to take the job at that price, even though he had concerns about the expert’s credentials. At the time, jurors chuckled as the defense expert struggled to answer questions on cross-examination.Bryan Stevenson, Hinton’s attorney and director of the Alabama-based Equal Justice Initiative, said he pressed the state for years to re-test the gun, and for years officials refused. He said the case was emblematic of problems with the justice system.Stevenson has said Hinton was convicted based on bad science because he didn’t have the money to prove his innocence at trial.
Two bombs believed to be targeting security officers exploded in two districts of strife-torn Narathiwat province on Saturday morning, causing no injuries.The first home-made bomb went off near the entry gate to the Chang Phuek tambon administration organisation compound on Namwon Road in Chanae district, said Pol Lt Narongsak Phudkaew, a duty officer at the Chanae police station, who was alerted around 7.30am.Police and bomb disposal officers found the concrete foundation supporting the gate damaged and pieces of metal scattered around the area.Authorities said the bomb, packed into a cooking gas cylinder weighing about 40-50 kg, was detonated by mobile phone.They believed the explosion was the work of insurgents wanting to target police and soldiers providing security at a Muslim festival taking place about one kilometre away.Another home-made bomb went off in Cho Airong district, slightly damaging an official pickup truck carrying two paramilitary rangers.The rangers escaped unhurt when the bomb exploded around 10.30am at Luborya village in tambon Juab, said Pol Lt Somporn Suk-anan, duty officer at the Cho Airong police station.The blast left a small crater and pieces of metal were scattered around the area.  Police believed the bomb, inside a 20kg cooking gas cylinder, was the work of insurgents wanting to create unrest in the area.
This follows hot on the heels of compatriot Trevor Noah being announced as the replacement of Jon Stewart on the US news satire show The Daily Show.Kau will take over from Michelle Jones, who has been hosting The Evening Show for the past 20 years since it first aired on Australian screens."Yoh! I can't believe my luck. Here I was thinking that Trevor was the best export, but I guess Australia also found me and thought I was a big deal," he gushed.Kau said he was already in Australia to sign his contract and is expected to be on Aussie screens as soon as next month.For more stories like this one, be sure to buy the Sowetan newspaper from Mondays to Fridays
It may not have been the glittering surroundings of ANZ Stadium on grand final day but for Richie Fa'aoso his return to action at Henson Park felt just as significant.Fa'aoso, who broke his neck 18 months ago, played 40 minutes for Parramatta's NSW Cup team Wentworthville against Newtown at the venerable old ground on a sodden Easter Saturday.The 30-year-old was supported by Eels' teammates Danny Wicks and Anthony Watmough in the crowd, and said it was a relief to be back."I guess it was a bit like a grand final for me, it's been a long time since I played," Fa'aoso told AAP."I pulled up great and it was just great being out there playing again I loved it."The former Manly, Melbourne and Newcastle front-rower, who won a premiership with the Storm in 2012, was forced to retire 12 months later after fracturing his vertebrae during the Sea Eagles' preliminary final win over South Sydney.But after successfully undergoing surgery he was given the green light to play again by his surgeon and handed a one-year deal by Parramatta coach Brad Arthur.However, the NRL initially refused to rubber-stamp the contract dues to concern about insurance, an issue that was finally resolved this week."I honestly had no nerves going in to that first hit-up as I've been fully confident in my recovery and knew I was right to play," Fa'aoso said."There's been a few delays but they're all sorted now and I can move with on with my career."I understood why the NRL were cautious, but that is all behind me now I am only looking forward."I can't thank Brad, Scott (Seward) the CEO and everyone at Parramatta enough."I am so grateful at the support they have given my family and me and I am desperate now to repay them."
Good Friday brought out thousands of attendees for the annual Public Way of the Cross.The service began at the St. Edward the Confessor church at 836 Arlington St. in the West End, with about 2,000 participants."It was a good walk, I thought," said Archbishop Richard Gagnon, who started off leading the 28th annual walk while helping carry the wooden cross."It is well-organized, there were a lot of different people from a lot of different ages, but I think it is good," Gagnon said.Gagnon said carrying the cross is a traditional, symbolic way for Christians to draw closer to the meaning of Good Friday -- a tradition that carries from country to country.Originally from the Philippines, Joy Almanzor attended the service with her family for the second time. "Despite the weather, we were able to manage the (walk)," Almanzor said. "It's a tradition for us, and it was a good experience for me to do it in Canada."People bundled up for the 1.5-kilometre walk as temperatures remained at a chilly -10 C Friday morning. "I was glad there was a lot of sunshine," said Margot Lavoie.While not an annual attendee, the senior said she wanted to walk this year because it was in her neighbourhood."It was very moving... I found it especially moving because it was in my neighbourhood, and I felt as though I was walking with those who could not be there," Lavoie said.The walk lasted just under two hours, as attendees sang hymns and stopped for five separate readings.And the religious weekend is just starting for Catholics, said Gagnon. Throughout the weekend, there was a Passion service at 3 p.m. on Friday, mass this evening and the Easter services on Sunday.
Alistair McPhail's house was raided by police looking for a Callum McPhail. The homeowner has a son with the same nameBUNGLING police have been forced to make a handwritten apology after breaking down the wrong door during an early morning raid.The botched swoop at 7.30am on Wednesday saw eight officers storm the flat in Edinburgh.Four hours later, after drilling through the front door lock, the officers from the city and the north-east of England realised they had mixed up names and targeted the wrong home.Homeowner Alistair McPhail was horrified to discover his mangled front door after returning home from work to his Pennywell Road home.The 52-year-old said: “It’s like the Keystone Kops. They were apparently there for four hours trying to gain entry.“It’s ridiculous they have time to do this. I told them, ‘Next time you fancy a jolly in Edinburgh go and see the castle and leave my flat alone’.“I’m going to have to make a complaint.”The dad of two said his 21-year-old son had already been quizzed by police over a serious assault in the north-east of England but was cleared after just 25 minutes.He added: “My son is going to have to [make a complaint] because he has his career to worry about. I’m really sorry for the person who was assaulted but that doesn’t justify them doing this.”Officers left the letter in the McPhails’ living room. It said: “A search warrant obtained from Teesside Magistrates Court has been executed at your home address in relation to but once entry was gained it became apparent this was the wrong door.“Please accept our sincere apologies for this inconvenience. If you wish to make a claim for the damage, please contact us.”Cleveland Police said: “The officers acted on the information that was available to them at the time.”
A deaf, blind dog seemed to be up against the odds when he became lost in mangroves, but thousands of animal lovers came to his rescue.Owner Angela Beer said she tried not to fear the worst when she discovered her 15-year-old jack russell missing from its home in the upmarket Auckland suburb of Westmere."I didn't want to think he was injured, alone and dying in the dark."She had been looking after her sick mum while some friends house-sat on Saturday night, March 28, when the dog escaped.Refusing to give up hope, Beer sprang into action and posted missing posters on social media.She said she was taken aback by the response as thousands of people shared her post online.A land, sea and air search was launched to find her little disabled dog, with kayaks, a drone and even a helicopter helping in the four-day search.Three-hundred volunteers - many of them strangers - also arrived to scour the mangrove 300 metres from her house, she said.The search party included people from all walks of life, including a local homeless man who kept vigil at night, she said.However, Beer said she feared they were all searching for a body.Dunhill was used to life in his sheltered Westmere manor where his owner pandered to his every need, she said.But miraculously, the dog was found.Beer's next door neighbour found Dunhill in the middle of the swamp on April 1.""He was covered in mud because he was in the mangroves. He was hypothermic and dehydrated. I don't know how he survived."She bundled him up in a cardigan and rushed him to my house."After a few days recovering at the vet, Dunhill has just returned home.The devoted owner can still smile about the trouble her dog put her through."That was an amazing April fools' day joke he played on me," she said.The ordeal has taught her about the amazing kindness of strangers, she said."Dunhill wants to thank his heroes and all the friends he never knew he had."
Police and campers continue to frantically scour the vast and thick scrub in a national park near Lake Eildon for 11-year-old Luke Shambrook who has been missing since 9.30am on Friday.The search is made more difficult because young Luke may not want to be found. He has autism, limited speech and a habit of hiding."He may not even know he is lost," said Sergeant Greg Paul, leading the search effort in the Fraser National Park."He won't necessary respond to searchers ... he may not necessarily respond to being called. That may change a bit as he gets hungry. We don't know whether he's curled up sleeping somewhere, or whether he's hiding."About 60 police, SES officers and professional search and rescue personnel are taking part in the search, along with more than 50 campers taking time from out their Easter holidays.But even searching is nigh on impossible. The tea tree grows thick around Lake Eildon's Candlebark Campground, where Luke was last spotted on Friday morning. His family were camping nearby.The searchers all but disappear into the scrub, the only trace little blue ribbons to mark areas already searched. Luke is a needle in the tea tree.It dropped to about 8 degrees overnight, but Luke was dressed warmly and searchers say it's likely he survived the night. They are more concerned about the water – Luke is fascinated by it but unable to swim."It was pretty cold last night, but not life-threatening cold," said Sergeant Paul."Luke was last seen wearing a jacket, he had a beanie with him. The daytime temp up here has been fairly warm. Obviously he'd be hungry and cold by now."The Shambrook family released a statement on Saturday afternoon thanking campers for their efforts to find their son."[We] are very grateful for the diligence and huge effort put in by all emergency units, volunteers, family and friends in searching for Luke. Our thanks to everyone for their ongoing prayers and support," the statement read.Police have been inundated with offers to help, with many people who aren't even camping nearby driving into the Fraser National Park to aid the search. It is believed the Shambrook extended family are regular visitors to the area.One camper said so many people in the area knew Luke that when the news broke campsites were quickly deserted as people rushed to join the search."He has been walking in the area before ... but we're not sure how much he'd recall from his previous walks," Sergeant Paul said.A police helicopter spent much of Saturday scouring the bushland with an infrared camera, hoping to pick up Luke's heat signatures, while the police dog squad searches for his scent.State Emergency Service crews and water police have been combing the lake's shores. Another camper said the lake was at quite a low level, so it was unlikely someone would have fallen in – Luke would have had to wade through a fair bit of mud to get to the waterline.Police scuba teams have also been sent to scour holes, gullies and water tanks in the national park in case Luke is hiding inside, while campers are being asked to check their tents.
Canberra has ended a three-game losing streak with a 29-16 victory over Manly in Albury.The Raiders had lost three consecutive games to the Warriors, Dragons and Roosters coming in to Saturday's clash, and things looked bad early.The Sea Eagles drew first blood when debutant Tom Trbojevic benefited from some quick hands during a nice right-side shift in just the second minute.Peta Hiku's conversion hit the left upright and the hosts did not get another look at points for the rest of the half.Canberra's Sisa Waqa, Blake Austin, Jarrad Kennedy and Jordan Rapana all crossed for tries in the first 40 before half-back Sam Williams slotted a field goal that saw the Raiders take a 23-4 lead at half-time.Jarrod Croker extended the lead 13 minutes into the second half when he pounced on a Williams grubber after some miscommunication saw Daly Cherry-Evans and Brett Stewart both wait for the other to pick up the ball.Trbojevic's second four-pointer got Manly within striking distance and Cheyse Blair touched down in the 69th minute to set up a nervous final 10 minutes for Canberra, but the Raiders managed to hold on for the 13-point win.More to come.
Two men who attacked “the smallest person in Enniskillen” after he allegedly exposed his genitals to a woman have been jailed for five months.Shane Carty, of Yoan Road, Enniskillen, and Christopher Martin Masterson, of Breandrum Park, Enniskillen, admitted assaulting Andrew Collins, occasioning him actual bodily harm.The two 24-year-olds appeared at Dungannon Crown Court having denied that they forced their way into a flat at Drumbeg, Enniskillen, with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm on 29-year-old Collins.They also denied unlawfully and maliciously wounding Collins.Those two charges were “left on the books”, not to be proceeded with without leave of the court or the Court of Appeal.During an earlier court hearing a detective explained that in the early hours of December 3, 2013, Collins was admitted to the South West Acute Hospital. He told police three hooded men had kicked in the door to his flat and attacked him as he lay in bed. He said two of them held him down on the bed while the third beat him on the back with a dog chain. He also told police he was hit around the head with what he thought was a bottle. He said his attackers then dragged him into the hall where they kicked and punched him as he lay on the ground.The detective told the court that Collins suffered a broken left collar bone, cuts and bruises. He had four staples inserted in a wound to the back of his head and had difficulty seeing out of his swollen left eye. Collins was able to name two of his attackers.The officer said Carty was arrested two hours later in a flat above Collins’ flat and on the way to the police station made a number of significant statements. He said he knew Collins and made a number of hostile comments.The detective said there appeared to be some history between Carty and Collins, with reference being made to a previous incident when Collins was alleged to have exposed himself.The officer told the court that appeared to be the motivation for the attack.However, a defence solicitor submitted that during police interview Carty had said he had no grievance with Collins and made no reference to Collins’ alleged behaviour in relation to a sexual offence.Collins, of Lawnakilla, Enniskillen, was subsequently convicted of exposing his genitals to a woman on November 24, 2013, nine days prior to being attacked by Carty and Masterson.He was sentenced to four months in prison, suspended for two years, and ordered to sign the Sex Offenders’ Register for seven years.However, he appealed the case at the County Court where the judge affirmed his conviction but replaced the suspended jail sentence with an 18-month probation order. The judge also reduced the period of time Collins must spend on the Sex Offenders’ Register from seven years to five years and ordered him to pay his victim £300 compensation.
Nine students from the university’s Enterprise Society organised entrepreneurial, money-making activities throughout February - including collecting old and unwanted phones from Wearsiders - as part of the Deloitte Micro-Tyco student challenge.The society started with a £1 investment, and after each activity, they put their profits into the next and so their investment grew during the month-long challenge.The team of entrepreneurs was led by the society’s president, Laura Pritchard.She said: “Taking part in the competition was an excellent experience for those of us who were involved – we all had to think and work so quickly. We could do anything legal to raise money, and we found that it was mainly small activities that gave the biggest return on investment. We are thrilled to be ranked eighth in the UK in such a high-profile and prestigious competition.”The money was raised for a competition called Micro-Tyco, a global challenge run twice a year by the Wild Hearts In Action foundation.All proceeds go to the charity, which helps fund entrepreneurs in developing countries by providing them with micro loans to start their own enterprise.WildHearts invests the monies generated by Micro-Tyco into micro-loans that help the world’s poorest people work their own way out of poverty.Later this month, four members of the University of Sunderland’s Enterprise Society team will be in London on a week’s work experience with consulting and advisory brand Deloitte, which is the prize for the top 10 teams.Vince Robson of the University’s Enterprise Place, said: “We encouraged regular meetings with members of the team to ensure all the money-raising activities were well organised and to keep them focused on the task. The team worked together really well and had lots of excellent ideas that they put into practice.“We’re really proud of them and what they have achieved – being a prize-winner will look great on their CVs and the idea of the challenge – entrepreneurs funding entrepreneurs – suited the society perfectly.”
Scientists are asking the public to report sightings of rabbits and hares, as part of a conservation project.It's easier to spot the animals in the spring when the breeding season is under way.The Mammal Society, who want to gather the data, say hares might be declining in some parts of the UK.Rabbit numbers have also fallen in some areas where there have been outbreaks of disease. But in other areas, populations are so big that they're thought of as pests by some people.They want people to send in sightings of rabbits and hares across the countryside, including parks, fields and mountains, so they can make a map of their population in the UK.Dr Fiona Mathews, from the Mammal Society, said: "We have very poor information on rabbits and hares - and it's important to know if numbers are going up or down."The data will be used in a national atlas of mammals to support future conservation and research projects.
People with disabilities in Port Talbot have been travelling to an extra six miles to Neath to catch a train as construction work is making Port Talbot Parkway "inaccessible", a disability campaigner has said.Work is under way to demolish and replace the station building.The build was due to be completed in spring this year but the discovery of gas and water services led to delays.A spokesman for Network Rail said: "The site is safe and secure."People with mobility issues can arrange access to the platform through a locked gate at the level crossing in advance of travel but Yvonne Singleton from Neath Port Talbot Disability Network Action Group has said that this does not feel safe with the ongoing work.Mrs Singleton said: "People with disabilities have been travelling to Neath to get a train."If you ask in advance they will take you to the platform through the old gateway but it feels dangerous with all the building work."Neath Port Talbot Disability Network Action Group has been consulted over plans for the new station and are happy that handrails and lifts will feature in the new build.Network Rail said that demolishing the current station was scheduled to take place later this year.Plans for the new station include an enclosed footbridge that will house the ticket office and waiting areas, lift access to all platforms and a large car park with a park and ride for commuters.The spokesman added: "Alternative arrangements are in place to provide access around the station area."We would encourage any passengers with concerns to speak to station staff for assistance."
The actor John Goodman describes himself as "too shy" and "crazier than a box of rats".The man who has played the King of England, the President of the United States, Santa Claus and Fred Flintstone, is starring in a play on stage in London for the first time.He speaks to David Sillito about his career so far, a lack of gregariousness and his West End debut.
Ethiopia and Turkey relations is best known for stronger economic and investment cooperation.In the latest development, the House of Peoples' Representatives (HPR) on Thursday approved a highly regarded draft proclamation proposing the cooperation of Ethiopia and Turkey in the military sector, which envisaged the way for Ethiopia to produce military equipment and sell them to a third parties.It was said that new agreement between Ethiopia and Turkey in the area of military marks another milestone in their cooperation after the House unanimously ratified the bill signed back in May 2013.As part of the increasing pace of securing bilateral relations with various countries in the area of security and defense, the Ethiopian government continues to tighten and expanding military cooperation beyond regional and continental scope.The agreement proclaims: “The cooperation will elevate Ethiopia’s military capability to one of the top countries in the world in terms of defense modernization and logistical quality.”The agreement was signed between the Ministries of Defense of the two countries in Istanbul to “provide for cooperation in the field of defense industry, improving the defense industry capabilities of the countries, production and procurement of defense goods and services as well as related technical and logistic support in the field.”The agreement further allows the sale of co-produced and developed equipment to a third party provided there is a prior written consent of the two parties.Recently, the Turkish embassy in Ethiopia noted that Ethiopia is turning out to be a strategic and reliable partner to Turkey in the economic sector in particular.According to the embassy, out of the 50 top investment destinations for Turkish investment around the world, Ethiopia stood at the fifth position.Turkey is also the leading investor in Ethiopia in terms of sheer volume of the investment capital with 148 companies engaged in various sectors, according to the embassy’s report.As part of the efforts to strengthen cultural ties and people-to-people relations of the two countries, Turkey will open Turkish language study center at the Addis Ababa University, the embassy said.In the same session, the House also ratified another highly-regarded multi-lateral agreement, which is an agreement to establish the East African Standby Force-that further extends the mandate of Ethiopia’s National Defense force beyond its territorial horizon.The ratification will ensure Ethiopia’s and the region’s peace and security and reduce threats, according to a document attached with the draft law. After a short deliberation, the House endorsed the bill with an absolute majority vote.
The House of Peoples' Representatives (HPR) on Tuesday approved a draft proclamation aimed at regulating the establishment, development, operation, management and regulation of industrial parks all over the country.The draft bill which was presented first before the House a month ago and later referred to the Industry Affairs Standing Committee was endorsed unanimously with no major changes to its provision form, including MPs’ suggests at the first deliberation.When the bill was presented for discussions earlier, MP raised some constitutional issues in relation to the draft bill, especially with a provision that stipulates accessing to land for industrial park administrator and developer. The MPs questioned whether this specific provision is in contradiction with the constitutional provision that assigns exclusive right to regional states to administer their own respective land.The standing committee, which brought the bill back to the House for endorsement, on its part said in its report that the bill is instrumental to fill the existing legal gaps on the industrial park development.According to the report, the bill will also help to attract more foreign investment and create more conducive situation for FDI in addition to promoting the domestic manufacturing subsector. It is also believed to bring supplementary advantages such as knowledge transfer and job opportunities, the committee noted.In addition to its stated contributions to the manufacturing subsector and the industry sector as a whole, the bill is praised for addressing the issue of land supply and infrastructural development; the goal to deliver a one-stop-shop service for investors.The standing committee did not forget its assignment to cautiously review the provision that proclaim the right to grant lands for industrial park administrators and industry park developers. MPs concern to avoid any violation of the constitution which already grants absolute rights for regional states to administer and govern their respective land was also well headed, the committee assured the House. It said that their stated concerns are not issues to be worried about, the committee comforted the MPs.Finally, with the exception of minor changes on the usage of words and technical terms, no changes was made by the committee on the bill, which the House endorsed no challenges.Similarly, the House also revised and endorsed other bills on its regular session convened on Thursday including draft proclamation proposed to amend The Kyoto Protocol, loan agreement that was signed between Ethiopia and Italy, which is signed for program implementation to prevent recurrent drought, and a loan agreement that was signed with the African Development Bank aimed at program implementation for the National Hygiene and Sanitation program.
When Geoff Burdett was in his pomp as a player with the Hopetoun footy club in the old Southern Mallee league, he despised his club's arch-rival located 25kms south down the Henty Highway."No one hated Beulah more than me," he said.Burdett was part of some brutal contests between the Devils and the Blues. There were grand finals in 1990 and '91, the first won by Beulah and the second by Hopetoun.Before that, there were four consecutive premiership deciders between 1973 and '76, of which Hopetoun won three."In the '75 grand final – and we've got a reunion for that this year – we made a pact to give the Beulah coach, Bruce Mulligan, a bloody hard time because he'd fixed a few of us up the year before," Burdett recalled."Anyway, we won the fights and we won the premiership. Coming off the ground, I saw a lady coming towards me and I thought she was going to give me a kiss. But she belted me fair in the face with her fist."It was Bruce Mulligan's wife. She said, 'That's from me for Bruce.' Everybody still talks about that."Back in those days, Burdett never contemplated that one day the young men from Hopetoun and Beulah might play on the same team. But, as he said during the week, "times change".Last year, with the Mallee's ever-declining population putting a squeeze on player numbers, the members of the Hopetoun and Beulah football-netball clubs voted to put their 120-year rivalry behind them.And Burdett, who played 37 games for Essendon between 1976 and '81, has played a key role in the formation of the new entity, the Southern Mallee Giants.It was one of his ideas that the merged club be known as something other than Beulah-Hopetoun or Hopetoun-Beulah. And it was his idea to adopt the colours and nickname of the Greater Western Sydney AFL club."Everyone seemed keen on the idea of wearing GWS jumpers, so I got in contact with Kevin Sheedy, who was still with the Giants at that stage," Burdett explained. "Sheeds offered us some support, and it went from there."Burdett has also taken on the role as the Southern Mallee Giants' first senior coach and has thrown himself into the job with gusto."He's probably the most excited guy in the club at the moment," Giants president Clayton Shannon said. "He's really taken it on and gone nuts with it, so it's been terrific."Burdett's side will start the season as one of the favourites for the Mallee league flag. That's largely because the merger of Beulah and Hopetoun and the exit of Jeparit-Rainbow to the Horsham District league has left the MFL with just five clubs."I'll definitely get the sack if we don't make the finals," Burdett joked.This is almost certain to be the last season of the Mallee league, which started with 12 clubs when the Northern and Southern Mallee competitions came together for the 1997 season.The Giants are banking on a move to the Horsham District league next year, but their future, along with that of the other four MFL clubs, is up in the air until AFL Victoria Country hands down a review into the future of footy in the region.A number of preliminary findings will be released in late April, with the full report to be handed down in June.When it comes to the communities of Beulah and Hopetoun, there is no doubt that the merger of their key sporting clubs will have an impact on the local economies, given each town will go from hosting eight games a year to four.But the new club is doing its best to soften the blow."Just things like buying all our beer through the local pubs is very important," Shannon said."Everything we buy for the footy club goes through a local business. We're just happy to pay the price and that seems to have kept people happy."In fact, the merger has been a remarkably smooth process to this point."Even at training runs we've been getting 35 to 40 blokes on the track, but then we're also getting 35 to 40 blokes drinking beer while they watch it," Shannon said.One of the few glitches so far has been a delay in the delivery of the club's new GWS-inspired guernseys, which meant the players had to wear old Hopetoun or Beulah jumpers turned inside out during their practice matches.But that minor problem will fade into insignificance when Sheedy travels to the Mallee on Thursday to launch the club's first home and away campaign.Two days later, the Giants will start their first home and away campaign by taking on the Sea Lake-Nandaly Tigers at Sea Lake.* The old Beulah footy club was a powerhouse prior to the merger with Hopetoun, winning senior premierships in the Mallee league in 2000, '03, '04, '05 and 2010. Hopetoun won its most recent senior flag in 1991.* The towns of Beulah and Hopetoun, which are 25kms apart, have a combined population of about 800. Both towns have one pub.* The town of Hopetoun is named after Scottish aristocrat John Adrian Louis Hope, who was Victorian Governor between 1889 and 1895 and later became Australia's first Governor-General.
Canberra's new look halves combination of Blake Austin and Sam Williams has steered the Raiders to a 29-16 NRL win over Manly in Albury, the hapless Sea Eagles crashing to their worst season start since 2009.Williams replaced Mitch Cornish at halfback for the Raiders following their thumping at the hands of Sydney Roosters last week and it worked a treat for coach Ricky Stuart as Canberra recorded just their second win of the year.For injury-hit Manly, who took the round-five fixture away from Brookvale Oval to Lavington Sports Ground in NSW's south, one of the few highlights was the eye-catching debut of young gun Tom Trbojevic.The 18-year-old scored with his first NRL touch after just 122 seconds and added another try in the second half in an impressive first-up effort.The loss sinks Manly to 1-4, their worst season start since losing their first four games in 2009, Kieran Foran's first year with the club.But Canberra were deserved winners led by man of the match Austin, who was ably supported by Williams.After Trbojevic's opening try, Canberra laid on 23 unanswered points to lead 23-4 at the break.Sisa Waqa opened the Raiders' account in the 11th minute when he beat a poor attempted tackle from Cheyse Blair, before Austin stepped his way over just three minutes later after a Josh Hodgson break from dummy half.Austin then put Jarrad Kennedy over in the 24th minute and the Raiders led 16-4, until Jordan Rapana crossed four minutes before the break after Waqa tapped down a Williams kick.A Williams field goal in the shadows of halftime put the Raiders further ahead.Canberra built on that after the break when Jarrod Croker crossed out wide and converted to give his team a near unassailable lead of 29-4.That was before Manly mounted a late comeback.Trbojevic crossed for his second after a lovely tap-on from Brett Stewart in the 60th minute.Blair then latched onto a clever cross-kick from Foran nine minutes later to set up a chance of an unlikely Sea Eagles win, but Canberra held firm.
A nurse who spent four weeks in Africa helping in the fight against ebola will tomorrow return to Sierra Leone for another three months.Hannah McReynolds, 31, will work for a non-profit organisation at the forefront of the battle against the deadly virus in West Africa.She only flew back to the UK from her last stint in Africa at the end of January."I can't just sit back and not help," said Hannah, of Leicester's West End."As a nurse, you always feel you have a duty of care and that doesn't depend on location."Three months might seem like a long time but in comparison to the help you are giving, it seems like nothing.""It's not about being brave, it's about doing the right thing",A & E nurse Hannah spent Christmas and New Year in Sierra Leone, working for the NHS.During her time over there she treated ebola patients and saw on a number of occasions the horrific results of the deadly disease.Although she will be based at the same treatment centre, this time she will be working for a non-profit organisation."This time, I think my role will be slightly different," she said."I'm just going to go with the flow. Ultimately, I'm going over there to go a job and that's what I'll do."I think I'll be working with the national nurses and teaching them."Ideally, I'm hoping that by the end of my three months over there, they won't need us anymore."Hannah said she has kept in touch with many of the national and international nurses she worked with in Sierra Leone."When you hear what's been happening over there, you can't help but feel you need to be doing something."When I returned I think it was obvious that there was still a part of me over there - I just couldn't settle."I knew my job hadn't fully been done."Hannah said that although she understands the number of ebola patients is dropping, "there is still such a long way to go".The outbreak has killed more than more than 10,460 people in a year across six countries. About 25,000 people have been infected by the virus.This week, Sierra Leone recorded a day with no new ebola infections for the second time since the crisis began last year.Hannah added: "I hope that this time, I will play a part in helping the country move forward."We have so far to go still, we need to re-build their entire community."
Police and campers continue to frantically scour the vast and thick scrub in a national park near Lake Eildon for 11-year-old Luke Shambrook who has been missing since 9.30 Friday morning.The search is made more difficult yet by the fact young Luke may not want to be found. He has autism, limited speech, and a habit of hiding."He may not even know his is lost", said Sergeant Greg Paul, who is leading the search effort in the Fraser National Park."He won't necessary respond to searchers, he may not even know that he's lost, he may not necessary  respond to being called. That may change a bit as he gets hungry. We don't know whether he's curled up sleeping somewhere, or whether he's hiding."About 60 police, SES officers and professional search and rescue personnel are taking part in the search, along with more than 50 campers taking time from out their Easter holidays.But even searching for the searchers is nigh on impossible. The tea-tree grows thick around Lake Eildon's Candlebark Campground, where Luke was last spotted on Friday morning. His family were camping in a nearby campground.The searchers all but disappear into the scrub, the only trace little blue ribbons to mark areas already searched. Luke is a needle in the tea-tree.It dropped to about eight degrees overnight, but Luke was dressed warmly and searchers say its likely he survived the night. They are more concerned about the water – Luke is fascinated with water but unable to swim."It was pretty cold last night, but not life-threatening cold," said Sergeant Paul."Luke was last seen wearing a jacket, he had a beanie with him. The daytime temp up here has been fairly warm. Obviously he'd be hungry and cold by now."The Shambrook family released a statement on Saturday afternoon thanking campers for their efforts to find their son.Police have been inundated with offers to help, with many people who aren't even camping nearby driving into the Fraser National Park to aid with the search.It is believed the Shambrook extended family are regulars to the area and have been coming here for several years.One camper said so many people in the area knew Luke that when news broke that he was missing campsites were quickly deserted as people rushed to join the search."He has been walking in the area before ... but we're not sure how much he'd recall from his previous walks," Sergeant Paul said.A police helicopter spent much of Saturday scouring the bushland with an infrared camera, hoping to pick up Luke's heat signatures, while the police dog squad searches for his scent.State Emergency Service crews and water police have been combing the Lake's shores. Another camper said the lake was at quite a low level, so it was unlikely someone would have fallen in – Luke would have had to wade through a fair bit of mud to get to the waterline.Police scuba teams have also been sent to scour holes, gullies and water tanks in the national park in case Luke is hiding inside of them, while campers are being asked to check their tents.
IT seems Margam Castle is a hub for bat activity.Experts have discovered one of the rarest forms of bats roosting in Margam Castle cellars — the greater horseshoe bat.Scientists studying the roosting of lesser horseshoe bats were amazed and delighted at their discovery.Margam Country Park is regarded as one of the best bat sites in South Wales, and this latest find means that 11 out of the 18 species of bat living in the UK can now be found there, with upcoming surveys expecting to find three more soon.The study was part of the Margam Bat Project, which was set up in 2014. The project aims to find out how bats use the park, combining scientific research with regular public events.The project is run by volunteers with support from Margam Country Park and Neath Port Talbot Council's countryside and wildlife team.The group has also trained council staff and volunteers on a variety of topics including how to run a bat walk and how to assess trees for bat potential.Biodiversity officer for the council and one of the founders of the Margam Bat Project, Laura Palmer, said: "Having a site with so many bat species that we can come back to time and again is going to really help with long term studies of bat behaviour."It's great that this project is in such a public place. We are able to run bat walks throughout the year and keep everyone updated via Facebook."Margam Bat Project has also helped plan a number of events throughout 2015, including public bat walks, free training and surveying. On August 29 International Bat Night will be celebrated with the biggest ever survey of the castle.
Police are seeking information that could identify the person that robbed a dairy on Union Street.The person looked to be tall, wearing a fluro orange vest and had a muppet-like mask over his head.
IT OFTEN seems the case that when going through a bad patch the fixture schedule can seem daunting after suffering a bad result.Such was the case this week in 2007 after Plymouth Argyle had suffered at the hands of old foes, Burnley.The midweek trip to Turf Moor resulted in a 4-0 defeat against a side that had not tasted victory in their previous 18 Championship matches. In breaking a dreadful run of results, Burnley also doubled the number of goals scored in their last 15 games.To put Argyle’s form at the time into more perspective, the week before saw a 3-0 loss at Portman Road against an Ipswich Town team with a numerical advantage after just 78 seconds following a straight red card to defender Mathias Doumbe.Following the Burnley reverse, the flight from Manchester to Plymouth, one of the final airborne trips directly to Devon’s main city before the closure of the airport at Roborough, gave time for contemplation on the downward spiral that was being endured.Next on the fixture list in a third successive away game was a trip to one of the most feared stadiums to visiting teams.The 640 mile round trip to Leeds United brought the total travelled by battle-hardy fans to 1,280 miles in a testing week.To underline the challenge faced at Elland Road, United – buoyed by their fanatical support of over 30,000 – would be scrapping for points to ensure their divisional survival.With Leeds going into the game two points and one place above bottom side Luton Town, at least Argyle were in a more comfortable 13th position and 13 points better off than their hosts.One of the few Leeds successes during the season took place in November at Home Park, when Bojan Djordjic scored what proved to be nothing more than a consolation goal as the Pilgrims were defeated 2-1.Manager Ian Holloway was able to call upon David Norris to face the United side managed by Dennis Wise. Perhaps it was no coincidence that the midfielder was absent during the two preceding games due to suspension as a result of accumulating 10 yellow cards.There was, however, a blow in that added to the fact Doumbe was still out with a ban, Lee Hodges was unavailable after receiving a hamstring injury at Burnley.Many fans will look back at the squad on duty with great fondness, particularly at the talent that was available, particularly bearing in mind that Akos Buzsaky, Tony Capaldi and Dan Gosling were all unused substitutes.The tonic for all travelling fans on a glorious sunny day in Yorkshire was provided in a more than notable goal from Peter Halmosi.In reality, it was no more than the Pilgrims deserved as they looked a unit in stark contrast to their recent poor performances.The Hungarian international gave Argyle a lead as he scored his first goal in English football after 36 minutes.A measured pass from Sylvan Ebanks-Blake sent the left-sided midfielder clear of Leeds right-back Frazer Richardson. Halmosi, still at the time on loan from Hungarian champions Debrecen, had the coolness to assess the situation and carefully place the final shot past goalkeeper Casper Ankergen.Richardson, who stumbled as he tried to keep pace with Halmosi, was replaced moments after with a leg injury.That goal visibly gave Argyle a lift, and confidence returned in the ability to maintain possession.Had it not been for the Danish ‘keeper, Argyle could easily have had more to show from their dominance.Outstanding saves to deny Norris and, later in the game, Chelsea loanee Scott Sinclair gave great encouragement to those in front of him.He also turned a dangerous shot from Bojan Djordjic around a post for a corner before strong claims for a penalty were rejected.Norris fell to the turf as he was challenged by Eddie Lewis, but play was allowed to continue.But Leeds, in knowing they had to lift their own game, drew level against the run of play in the final seconds of the half.David Healy, the Northern Ireland international striker, showed great awareness and instinct after a free-kick was conceded by Halmosi.Radostin Kishishev sent a high delivery to the edge of the six-yard box, and the failure to clear the ball quickly was punished when Healy pounced to fire home.Healy was certainly a man in form. As well as a recent hat-trick for his country against Liechtenstein, he took his league tally for the season to double figures.Sinclair was denied a fifth goal during his spell with Argyle when he collected a through ball from Norris. But in picking his spot with a fierce, low shot, Ankergen’s agility saw him add another moment to his memorable performance.United claimed all three points with a winner that came for a free-kick just three minutes from the final whistle. Defender Lubomir Michalik headed the goal to complete a miserable three-match trilogy for Holloway’s side.For the second time in the game, the visitors were unable to deal with a set-piece delivered into the danger area, this time from substitute Alan Thompson.The loanee dispatched his header to the inside of the right-hand post. The ball then proceeded to spin narrowly over the goal line just as ‘keeper Luke McCormick reached it, sending it to the underside of the crossbar.The match officials, headed by referee Scott Mathieson, were in no doubt a goal should be awarded.Central defender Krisztian Timar’s jump was not quite enough to make a connection and Michalik found himself well-placed to deliver the decisive blow.The raucous atmosphere inside Elland Road increased in celebration as well as relief.There was one final chance for Norris, but superb defending from substitute Rui Marques with a last-ditch tackle confirmed the outcome.Despite enjoying the majority of possession throughout the afternoon and looking by far the more threatening of the two sides, United knew they had ridden their luck in taking two opportunities that came their way.If there was one consolation from the match, it was the star performance of Halmosi who gave the Argyle manager every reason to make his loan spell into a club record £400,000 transfer at the end of the season.The win lifted Leeds two places in the Championship table to rise out of the bottom three for the first time in five months, while Argyle slipped to 15th.
This loop from Bunny out to Gotham and back along Fairham Brook is a level walk, with the only difficulties being three gated stiles, and one or two muddy patches after rain or in winter. Take a flask for a break in Gotham, or there are two pubs there. The walk also crosses the Great Central Railway – their website at www.gcrn.co.uk gives details of when trains are running.We start at Church Street, Bunny, map ref. SK 583296, post code NG11 6QW. The Kinchbus 9 service runs regularly between Nottingham and Loughborough, stopping at Bunny.Head west, then turn left going round the church along Church Street. At the T-junction, turn right along Main Street.After 100yds, at the end of this lane, you will see three footpaths (FPs). Take the left hand FP, heading south west. Cross a field, then a drainage channel, and bear slightly right now heading west.After 100yds, come to a FP junction, and carry straight on.You are now following the stream on its south bank.After a mile, keep the copse to your right, then keep right, and head west again with the hedge to your left. (This point is actually a FP crossroads, but we're going straight across, west.)Join the bridleway coming from Gotham Road, the road on on your left. At another FP crossroads, again carry on west.Continue on the bridleway, and go under the railway bridge. Immediately coming out of the bridge tunnel, turn left, cross a gated stile then turn right with the hedge on your right.Cross the field, and then come to a lane. Turn right, then after 10yds, left, once again heading west.Follow the hard-surface lane for 400yds to a T-junction.Turn left and follow the road (Moor Lane) into Gotham.At the junction by the main road there are benches by the old Village Pump in front of St Lawrence's Church for your coffee break, or you can get refreshment at the pub opposite.For the return, head back down Moor Lane. 20yds after The Rushes on your left, turn left after a white house on the left and see a finger post by a gated stile.Go through the gate and after 30yds, the FP splits. Take the left hand FP going east and after 50yds follow the FP and turn left.Follow the FP round as it bears right, in an easterly direction.Keep heading east for a mile or so following the FP signs.At the brook follow the FP signs heading east on the south bank of the brook. Follow the signs to cross the railway - looking both ways as well as listening would be a good thing to do at this point!Carry on eastward for 200yds, straight across the first FP junction, left at the second.Then turn immediately right so you are back on your easterly course. The FP becomes a bridleway then a track.Follow this to a T-junction, as you come to the edge of Bunny, and turn right. This is Moor Lane and follow it, curving right, then left, back into Church Street.*Rab Bird, Vale of Belvoir Rambling Club. Rab is leading this walk for the group on April 5, leaving from Church Street at 10am. All are welcome to join, please note there will be a coffee stop in Gotham.©Crown copyright 2015 Ordnance Survey. Media 012/15. Map is for use as a guide only, for full details see maps available at www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk
Supporters of a food bank in Nottingham have been thanked for their generosity – after it helped feed up to 3,000 people each year.Bestwood and Bulwell Food Bank invited companies, organisations and individuals to its base at St Philip's Church, Top Valley, to thank them for their lifeline to the charity.Each one provided a vital contribution to help the food bank, which is run by churches in Bestwood, Bulwell and Basford.The Rev Andy Morris, vicar of St Philip's and St Matthew's Church, and secretary of the food bank, said: "The support that all these organisations and individuals have given us has been incredible and it enables us to provide a service that's desperately needed."We are feeding about 3,000 people a year, which tends to be about 30,000 meals, and over a year we deal with about 25 tonnes of food in total."As well as donations, twice a year we receive about three tonnes of food from collections from customers of Tesco at Top Valley. It's very important for us and the people we help that we have somewhere where we can safely store these generous donations."Without Right Track, the social enterprise that previously supported us for 18 months with storage, and our latest benefactors, the food bank would find it a challenge to operate so effectively."Among those who attended the official 'thank-you' event were representatives from J Tomlinson, Turner and Townsend, Nottingham City Homes, Nationwide Windows, Tesco and the National Citizen Service.Martin Gallagher, construction managing director at J Tomlinson, who provided the food bank with a container to store items, said: "When we heard Bestwood and Bulwell Food Bank needed new storage facilities for donations, we were happy to step in and loan one of our large containers."As a Nottingham-based company, we regularly support local charities and good causes in appreciation of the key role they play in our community."Sheriff of Nottingham Jackie Morris, who volunteers at the food bank, also attended the event. She said: "It was a little thank-you for all the help they have given us."We just wouldn't be able to function without them and the people of Bulwell and Bestwood would be going hungry."We support about 3,000 people each year, and two-thirds of those are people who are working."The visit has inspired people from the companies to help out. The head of business development at J Tomlinson, Nikki Foreman, said: "It was great to be able to see how our support is helping the food bank, and to meet some of the volunteers who give up their time to support those who are in need. The visit inspired myself and a colleague to volunteer at the food bank. We plan to spend a day there later in April, helping to sort out the food donations and doing what we can to be of assistance to the team."
Runners from Ross-shire helped ensure a record turnout at Inverness parkrun’s 100th outing a couple of years ago.Now hopes are high Ross-shire could again bolster turnout as the 200th run is celebrated on Saturday, June 27?The event started at 9.30am on Saturday, September 3, 2011 when 45 runners ran three times round the Bught Park — a total distance of 5km. Thoughts of reaching 100 runs were greeted with incredulity at the time.However, swelled by athletes from Muir of Ord, Dingwall and beyond, a total of 207 runners took part in glorious sunshine then.Inverness parkrun is part of a worldwide organisation, started with 13 runners and four volunteers in London in 2004. There are now 550 events and over 1.5 million registered parkrunners. But each has the same principles; free, weekly, 5K timed events for everyone. And everyone can take part: all ages, all standards, people with dogs and with pushchairs (the Inverness record is a 5-week old in a buggy).The 200th will start at 9.30am on Saturday, June 27. It promises to be a wonderful celebration. To take part, just register with www.parkrun.org.uk, print off the barcode, and bring it along to the Bught Park.
Brummies have been urged to welcome bankers with open arms after HSBC announced a historic move – and vowed to join the fight against youth unemployment.A study found bankers were the third least trusted profession in the fall out to the credit crunch and mis-selling scandals.But HSBC Bank chief executive Alan Keir (pictured) said the move would boost the city's economy and skills – and also pledged the bank would help combat youth unemployment in Birmingham.The Post reported last week Britain's biggest bank was moving its UK HQ from London to Arena Central in a move set to boost the city's economy.When asked about "banker bashing", Mr Keir said: "People should welcome the fact that there are more opportunities for talented young people here in Birmingham. There are more opportunities for businesses in Birmingham to connect with a head office and not just a branch or a regional office."There is positivity around bringing investment which will eventually flow through to taxation here. Undoubtedly, this will bring in supply chain, which means employment opportunities."Bankers were voted the third least trustworthy profession by a Which? study in 2012 – behind politicians and journalists.However, it will principally be the friendlier face of banking heading to Birmingham, with personal, business and corporate operations to be based here with the investment arm remaining in London.The HSBC announcement is expected to boost the city's economy by 0.5 per cent, with an extra £121 million gross value-added each year.It is a long-term pledge – highlighted by a 250-year commitment to Two Arena Central.Speaking to the Post , Mr Keir said he wanted HSBC to play a strong role in the city, particularly around getting young people into work. He said: "We as an employer care greatly about youth unemployment and skills. One of the things we are keen to do is work with the council in that area to make sure we are putting something back into Birmingham. Those are good reasons to have us here regardless of any personal feelings towards bankers."Youth unemployment in the West Midlands has dipped significantly in recent years, to four per cent in February.The number of people aged 18 to 24 classed as unemployed in the region has fallen, but there remains 21,235 out of work. The problem is more severe in Birmingham and latest data shows there were 7,060 young people claiming Jobseeker's Allowance in February.Birmingham City Council leader Sir Albert Bore welcomed the HSBC move. He said: "HSBC, now they have committed themselves to setting up this bank in Birmingham, want to engage with Birmingham."They are asking the question ‘what can we do to help?' and that one area, youth unemployment, is one where they have signalled to us they would want to move forward with that agenda."Marketing Birmingham chief executive Neil Rami said the HSBC move showed people could build a career in financial services in Birmingham."It will make a very big difference to how we as a city are perceived, not just nationally but internationally," he said.
Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could have contrary conduct charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary as a result of the dramatic conclusion to South Sydney's Good Friday victory.Graham angrily remonstrated with referee Gerard Sutton when he awarded Souths a penalty, after the Bulldogs captain's controversial tackle on Adam Reynolds.Klemmer was sin-binned after crowding in on Sutton alongside Graham and yelling "You're off your f****ing face," at the lead referee.With the NRL determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match officials, both Graham and Klemmer are in the crosshairs of the match review committee and could face a significant stint on the sidelines.The committee can refer contrary conduct charges straight to the judiciary, as was the case with Manly's Glenn Stewart and Melbourne's Adam Blair after the Battle of Brookvale in 2011.The highest contrary conduct charge, a grade five, carries a 525-demerit point penalty and a five-game ban.NRL head of football Todd Greenberg indicated on Saturday on Triple M that the NRL match review committee, headed up by Michael Buettner along with Brad Clyde, Michael Hodgson and Peter Louis, would view the incidents very closely."I don't want to talk specifically about the incidents because they will form part of our match committee review but, in general terms, the behaviour of players on the field is something we will look very closely at," Greenberg said."Swearing at match officials is not acceptable and I put a full stop on that sentence, because it is really not acceptable. I know our match review [committee] will look closely at those incidents."There are requirements under the code, things like contrary conduct and detrimental conduct which will all form part of that review and, if there are penalties that need to be imposed, I expect the match review [committee] will discharge their duties accordingly."The NRL introduced new measures last season as to how and when captains could talk to referees.Former Bulldogs chief executive Greenberg again indicated that would be monitored closely."James is the captain so he has the right to talk to him [Sutton] at certain parts during the game, but there were episodes in last night's game that caused me some concern," Greenberg said."And that will form part of the review, but it goes to a broader point - match officials need to be held with a much greater level of respect within the game."Bulldogs fullback Brett Morris will also come under scrutiny from the match review committee after being placed on report for appearing to kick Souths hooker Issac Luke in the head as he scored a try just before halftime at ANZ Stadium.
SEOUL - Newly shaven-headed and clad in white mourning robes the grieving parents of the victims of last year's Sewol ferry disaster began a marathon march Saturday to press for an independent inquiry into the tragedy.More than 200 people are participating in the march from Ansan city to the capital Seoul, mostly the parents of the 250 students from the same high school who perished when the overloaded ferry sank off the southern island of Jindo on April 16.With the first anniversary of the tragedy drawing near, the 35 kilometre march is being held to call for the sunken ferry to be brought to the surface to recover those bodies still unaccounted for.The marchers started off from a public park in Ansan where a giant altar to the victims, complete with their black-ribboned portraits and flowers, has been in place over the past year.Some wept as they set off carrying pictures of their daughters and sons. Before the march started, many parents shaved their heads in a show of grief and determination.They chanted slogans and held banners alleging that the government was "insulting" victims' families by "waving money under their noses" instead of seeking to ensure a thorough and independent investigation.Over the past year, families have repeatedly staged street protests and sit-ins, demanding a meeting with President Park Geun-Hye and urging her to deliver on her promise to continue the search for those still missing."Almost a year has passed since the tragedy but the president has not delivered on her promise. We are going to Seoul to hear from her," said Chun Myeong-Sun, a representative of the families.The accident -- blamed by many on regulatory failings, official incompetence and the ship's illegal redesign -- prompted Park to vow a complete overhaul of national safety standards.Following months of political bickering, the South Korean parliament passed a bill in November initiating an independent investigation into the sinking.But relatives have accused the government of seeking to hamper the probe and contain any political fallout by appointing government officials to key posts in the 17-member inquiry committee.Committee chairman Lee Suk-Tae -- one of the members nominated by the families -- said this week that the government, which should be the very subject of the investigation, was seeking to lead the committee, something he labelled "unacceptable."More than 50 people have been put on trial on charges linked to the sinking, including 15 crew members -- who were among the first to climb into lifeboats.The Sewol's captain was jailed in November for 36 years for gross negligence and dereliction of duty, while three other senior crew members were sentenced to jail terms of between 15 and 30 years.The families plan to hold a candle-lit vigil when the protest march arrives in Seoul on Sunday.
SAPPORO — A Japanese train carrying around 120 passengers made an emergency stop Friday in a tunnel between Hokkaido and Honshu after smoke was detected, forcing the evacuation of all aboard, the operator and local fire fighters said.Hokkaido Railway Co said the six-car express train was forced to stop around one kilometre from the nearest station at 5.15pm (3.15pm Thailand time) when a conductor saw sparks and smoke coming from beneath the train.Passengers on board the train bound for Aomori in northern Honshu from Hokkaido, Japan's northernmost main island, walked to Tappi Kaitei station, located some 140 metres below sea level, before being evacuated by railcar.It was the first time passengers were evacuated from the 53.85-kilometre-long tunnel since its opening in March 1988, JR Hokkaido said. The Seikan Tunnel runs beneath the seabed of the Tsugaru Strait, between Shiriuchi in Hokkaido and Imabetsu in Aomori.As a long portion of the tunnel is located below sea level, Tappi Kaitei station and another station were built for emergency purposes.Two women were taken to hospital afterward -- one aged 78 and the other in her 50s.A conductor in the second car spotted the smoke, and after the train came to an emergency halt the train driver used an extinguisher to stop the smoke, JR Hokkaido said.It said the train was manufactured in 2002, and no abnormalities were detected before its departure. The operator plans to examine the train to determine the cause of the incident.JR Hokkaido has come under fire in recent years for a spate of accidents and for falsifying railway inspection data. Its top management was revamped only a year ago in a bid to regain public trust in its operations.
EastEnders bosses have revealed that Kat and Alfie Moon are to leave Albert Square – but never fear as they aren’t going far.The characters are to take centre stage in a brand new Walford spin off which will take the form of six hour long episodes. They have been written by current EastEnders chief Dominic Treadwell-Collins.Viewers have just seen Alfie fall to pieces in emotionally charged scenes after a despaired Kat attempted suicide.With several dramatic twists still to come for the pair, it will lead them to leave Albert Square. But we will follow them as they head off to start a new life in Ireland.Speaking of the experimental new direction for the popular EastEnders couple, Treadwell-Collins said: ‘Now is the perfect time to take two of EastEnders’ most beloved and enduring characters out of their comfort zone as they head to Ireland to search for answers to some very big questions’He added that Kat and Alfie’s lives would be changed forever.Meanwhile Shane Richie is clearly excited about the new adventure for himself and Jessie Wallace.He said: ‘Both Jessie and I are absolutely thrilled to be given this amazing opportunity. To have a whole drama focused around Kat and Alfie is a huge honour for us both and we just can’t wait to start filming.’MORE: Emotional Shane Richie speaks out about mistrust of EastEnders co-star Jessie Wallace at hacking trialMORE: EastEnders spoilers: big preview including two emotional deaths, a fiesty new arrival and a shock returnMORE: EastEnders confuses viewers with Lucy Beale death anniversary – and Tommy Moon’s mask
The speaker, Ronald Baird, took members back 2,000 years to when the Romans came to Britain. They had a sophisticated navy and it would have been relatively easy for them to sail from Gibraltar. Although they arrived around 55BC they did not reach Scotland (Caledonia) till 100AD. Roman maps showed not only Britannia but also Caledonia and even Iceland.First they built roads with signalling towers and marching camps every so often, then sophisticated forts, all to a strict pattern. The ditches surrounding these would be completed in a few hours and it was difficult to comprehend this short time scale, until you remember the thousands of bodies involved.Battledykes near Forfar was the site of one of these camps and there were sites near Stracathro, Kirkbuddo, Braco, Invergowrie and Longforgan.The Romans retreated South again and there are no records of activities after 250AD so either we were too good for them or there was nothing in Tayside to warrant further effort.The next meeting will be at 10.30 a.m. on Tuesday April 14. The speaker will be Jim Brown on ‘The History of Highland Games’.
Chief executive Dave Smith says the NRL will come down hard on rugby league fans at the centre of the ugly scenes that marred the finish of the controversial Good Friday clash between Canterbury and South Sydney.Two men were charged with assault over separate incidents at ANZ Stadium, while those fans who showered officials with bottles following Souths' 18-17 win are facing a life ban from the NRL.Officials had to run from the field for cover and later sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a bottle thrown from the stands."The scenes at ANZ were disgraceful. There is no place in the game for behaviour like that EVER. Expect a strong response where it's due," Smith wrote on Twitter on Saturday.How the issue is dealt with, including Bulldogs captain James Graham's and interchange prop Dave Klemmer's exchange with referee Gerard Sutton after he awarded Souths a late penalty, will be a big test of Smith's administration, which has come under constant criticism for its inconsistent handling of some of the game's biggest issues, including player misbehaviour.Klemmer was sinbinned for swearing at Sutton, a decision backed by NRL head of football Todd Greenberg.Both Graham and Klemmer could face contrary conduct charges under the NRL's code of conduct.
Fleming calls on inspirational McCullum to continue leading Black Caps in all three formats Former New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming has said that Brendon McCullum's inspirational captaincy has lifted the nation and the big-hitting batsman should continue to lead the side in all the ...Martin Guptill and Matt Henry get call-ups to New Zealand test squad for tour of England The return of Cricket World Cup star Martin Guptill and the call-up of fast-bowler Matt Henry are the features of the New Zealand test squad to play England in a two-match series starting ...New Zealand Sevens ease into quarterfinals of Tokyo event The New Zealand Sevens team has qualified for the Tokyo Sevens quarterfinals with a match to spare in Pool B.Two dominant victories have earned them their quarterfinal place, hammering ...The shortest total lunar eclipse of the century overnight (NZT) will take only a few minutes, while the entire eclipse will be visible from New Zealand.The total eclipse will last about ...Police were called to a dairy on Union St in New Brighton in eastern Christchurch following reports of a masked man demanding cash from the counter person. ...A woman who paddled out to check a crayfish pot in an inflatable kayak had to be rescued out at sea in wild conditions off the Wairarapa coast.?The 25-year-old Masterton woman was staying ...Three men have been arrested on the West Coast after a series of petrol drive-offs across the top of the South Island.?The two 20-year-old men and one 16-year-old boy from the Motueka area ...Attackers who bashed Korean men still on the run Police are still searching for two ?men who pulled an axe on two fishermen and brutally bashed them in Ti Point, north of Auckland, early on Wednesday ...Two teens have been arrested after a truck was used to ram a gate at Huntly Honda and make off with tens of thousands of dollars worth of motorbikes.?The theft happened in Huntly about ...The relatives of a Nelson man who has been missing for 10 years are appealing to the public for help in finding out what happened to him.John Daniel Tohill, known as "Danny", was ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...The search for an elderly gentleman missing in the Manukau Harbour since Thursday night will resume this morning.The 74 year-old man hasn't been seen since he was ...This morning the Tauranga based Trustpower TECT Rescue helicopter was dispatched to the Eastern Bay of plenty settlement of Hawai where an 18 year old local man had ...Source: Colin Harvey The Easter long weekend gets an extra hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am tonight. The Department of Internal Affairs says as well as changing clocks, the end of ...Source: Grahame Clark Help from the public has given police a good description of two men who brutally bashed two Korean fishermen at Ti Point Wharf early on Wednesday morning. The men ...To mark the Anzac centenary the world's largest poppy is being built in Auckland. And the artist is enlisting help from around ...Former All Black Mils Muliaina arrested over alleged sexual assault Former All Black Mils Muliaina to join Italian club Former All Blacks fullback Mils Muliaina has reportedly been arrested over an alleged sexual assault in the United Kingdom. The Connacht ...
Fleming calls on inspirational McCullum to continue leading Black Caps in all three formats Former New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming has said that Brendon McCullum's inspirational captaincy has lifted the nation and the big-hitting batsman should continue to lead the side in all the ...Martin Guptill and Matt Henry get call-ups to New Zealand test squad for tour of England The return of Cricket World Cup star Martin Guptill and the call-up of fast-bowler Matt Henry are the features of the New Zealand test squad to play England in a two-match series starting ...New Zealand Sevens ease into quarterfinals of Tokyo event The New Zealand Sevens team has qualified for the Tokyo Sevens quarterfinals with a match to spare in Pool B.Two dominant victories have earned them their quarterfinal place, hammering ...The shortest total lunar eclipse of the century overnight (NZT) will take only a few minutes, while the entire eclipse will be visible from New Zealand.The total eclipse will last about ...Police were called to a dairy on Union St in New Brighton in eastern Christchurch following reports of a masked man demanding cash from the counter person. ...A woman who paddled out to check a crayfish pot in an inflatable kayak had to be rescued out at sea in wild conditions off the Wairarapa coast.?The 25-year-old Masterton woman was staying ...Three men have been arrested on the West Coast after a series of petrol drive-offs across the top of the South Island.?The two 20-year-old men and one 16-year-old boy from the Motueka area ...Attackers who bashed Korean men still on the run Police are still searching for two ?men who pulled an axe on two fishermen and brutally bashed them in Ti Point, north of Auckland, early on Wednesday ...Two teens have been arrested after a truck was used to ram a gate at Huntly Honda and make off with tens of thousands of dollars worth of motorbikes.?The theft happened in Huntly about ...The relatives of a Nelson man who has been missing for 10 years are appealing to the public for help in finding out what happened to him.John Daniel Tohill, known as "Danny", was ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...The search for an elderly gentleman missing in the Manukau Harbour since Thursday night will resume this morning.The 74 year-old man hasn't been seen since he was ...This morning the Tauranga based Trustpower TECT Rescue helicopter was dispatched to the Eastern Bay of plenty settlement of Hawai where an 18 year old local man had ...Source: Colin Harvey The Easter long weekend gets an extra hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am tonight. The Department of Internal Affairs says as well as changing clocks, the end of ...Source: Grahame Clark Help from the public has given police a good description of two men who brutally bashed two Korean fishermen at Ti Point Wharf early on Wednesday morning. The men ...To mark the Anzac centenary the world's largest poppy is being built in Auckland. And the artist is enlisting help from around ...Former All Black Mils Muliaina arrested over alleged sexual assault Former All Black Mils Muliaina to join Italian club Former All Blacks fullback Mils Muliaina has reportedly been arrested over an alleged sexual assault in the United Kingdom. The Connacht ...
Fleming calls on inspirational McCullum to continue leading Black Caps in all three formats Former New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming has said that Brendon McCullum's inspirational captaincy has lifted the nation and the big-hitting batsman should continue to lead the side in all the ...Martin Guptill and Matt Henry get call-ups to New Zealand test squad for tour of England The return of Cricket World Cup star Martin Guptill and the call-up of fast-bowler Matt Henry are the features of the New Zealand test squad to play England in a two-match series starting ...New Zealand Sevens ease into quarterfinals of Tokyo event The New Zealand Sevens team has qualified for the Tokyo Sevens quarterfinals with a match to spare in Pool B.Two dominant victories have earned them their quarterfinal place, hammering ...The shortest total lunar eclipse of the century overnight (NZT) will take only a few minutes, while the entire eclipse will be visible from New Zealand.The total eclipse will last about ...Police were called to a dairy on Union St in New Brighton in eastern Christchurch following reports of a masked man demanding cash from the counter person. ...A woman who paddled out to check a crayfish pot in an inflatable kayak had to be rescued out at sea in wild conditions off the Wairarapa coast.?The 25-year-old Masterton woman was staying ...Three men have been arrested on the West Coast after a series of petrol drive-offs across the top of the South Island.?The two 20-year-old men and one 16-year-old boy from the Motueka area ...Attackers who bashed Korean men still on the run Police are still searching for two ?men who pulled an axe on two fishermen and brutally bashed them in Ti Point, north of Auckland, early on Wednesday ...Two teens have been arrested after a truck was used to ram a gate at Huntly Honda and make off with tens of thousands of dollars worth of motorbikes.?The theft happened in Huntly about ...The relatives of a Nelson man who has been missing for 10 years are appealing to the public for help in finding out what happened to him.John Daniel Tohill, known as "Danny", was ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...The search for an elderly gentleman missing in the Manukau Harbour since Thursday night will resume this morning.The 74 year-old man hasn't been seen since he was ...This morning the Tauranga based Trustpower TECT Rescue helicopter was dispatched to the Eastern Bay of plenty settlement of Hawai where an 18 year old local man had ...Source: Colin Harvey The Easter long weekend gets an extra hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am tonight. The Department of Internal Affairs says as well as changing clocks, the end of ...Source: Grahame Clark Help from the public has given police a good description of two men who brutally bashed two Korean fishermen at Ti Point Wharf early on Wednesday morning. The men ...To mark the Anzac centenary the world's largest poppy is being built in Auckland. And the artist is enlisting help from around ...Former All Black Mils Muliaina arrested over alleged sexual assault Former All Black Mils Muliaina to join Italian club Former All Blacks fullback Mils Muliaina has reportedly been arrested over an alleged sexual assault in the United Kingdom. The Connacht ...
Fleming calls on inspirational McCullum to continue leading Black Caps in all three formats Former New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming has said that Brendon McCullum's inspirational captaincy has lifted the nation and the big-hitting batsman should continue to lead the side in all the ...Martin Guptill and Matt Henry get call-ups to New Zealand test squad for tour of England The return of Cricket World Cup star Martin Guptill and the call-up of fast-bowler Matt Henry are the features of the New Zealand test squad to play England in a two-match series starting ...New Zealand Sevens ease into quarterfinals of Tokyo event The New Zealand Sevens team has qualified for the Tokyo Sevens quarterfinals with a match to spare in Pool B.Two dominant victories have earned them their quarterfinal place, hammering ...The shortest total lunar eclipse of the century overnight (NZT) will take only a few minutes, while the entire eclipse will be visible from New Zealand.The total eclipse will last about ...Police were called to a dairy on Union St in New Brighton in eastern Christchurch following reports of a masked man demanding cash from the counter person. ...A woman who paddled out to check a crayfish pot in an inflatable kayak had to be rescued out at sea in wild conditions off the Wairarapa coast.?The 25-year-old Masterton woman was staying ...Three men have been arrested on the West Coast after a series of petrol drive-offs across the top of the South Island.?The two 20-year-old men and one 16-year-old boy from the Motueka area ...Attackers who bashed Korean men still on the run Police are still searching for two ?men who pulled an axe on two fishermen and brutally bashed them in Ti Point, north of Auckland, early on Wednesday ...Two teens have been arrested after a truck was used to ram a gate at Huntly Honda and make off with tens of thousands of dollars worth of motorbikes.?The theft happened in Huntly about ...The relatives of a Nelson man who has been missing for 10 years are appealing to the public for help in finding out what happened to him.John Daniel Tohill, known as "Danny", was ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...The search for an elderly gentleman missing in the Manukau Harbour since Thursday night will resume this morning.The 74 year-old man hasn't been seen since he was ...This morning the Tauranga based Trustpower TECT Rescue helicopter was dispatched to the Eastern Bay of plenty settlement of Hawai where an 18 year old local man had ...Source: Colin Harvey The Easter long weekend gets an extra hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am tonight. The Department of Internal Affairs says as well as changing clocks, the end of ...Source: Grahame Clark Help from the public has given police a good description of two men who brutally bashed two Korean fishermen at Ti Point Wharf early on Wednesday morning. The men ...To mark the Anzac centenary the world's largest poppy is being built in Auckland. And the artist is enlisting help from around ...Former All Black Mils Muliaina arrested over alleged sexual assault Former All Black Mils Muliaina to join Italian club Former All Blacks fullback Mils Muliaina has reportedly been arrested over an alleged sexual assault in the United Kingdom. The Connacht ...
Fleming calls on inspirational McCullum to continue leading Black Caps in all three formats Former New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming has said that Brendon McCullum's inspirational captaincy has lifted the nation and the big-hitting batsman should continue to lead the side in all the ...Martin Guptill and Matt Henry get call-ups to New Zealand test squad for tour of England The return of Cricket World Cup star Martin Guptill and the call-up of fast-bowler Matt Henry are the features of the New Zealand test squad to play England in a two-match series starting ...New Zealand Sevens ease into quarterfinals of Tokyo event The New Zealand Sevens team has qualified for the Tokyo Sevens quarterfinals with a match to spare in Pool B.Two dominant victories have earned them their quarterfinal place, hammering ...The shortest total lunar eclipse of the century overnight (NZT) will take only a few minutes, while the entire eclipse will be visible from New Zealand.The total eclipse will last about ...Police were called to a dairy on Union St in New Brighton in eastern Christchurch following reports of a masked man demanding cash from the counter person. ...A woman who paddled out to check a crayfish pot in an inflatable kayak had to be rescued out at sea in wild conditions off the Wairarapa coast.?The 25-year-old Masterton woman was staying ...Three men have been arrested on the West Coast after a series of petrol drive-offs across the top of the South Island.?The two 20-year-old men and one 16-year-old boy from the Motueka area ...Attackers who bashed Korean men still on the run Police are still searching for two ?men who pulled an axe on two fishermen and brutally bashed them in Ti Point, north of Auckland, early on Wednesday ...Two teens have been arrested after a truck was used to ram a gate at Huntly Honda and make off with tens of thousands of dollars worth of motorbikes.?The theft happened in Huntly about ...The relatives of a Nelson man who has been missing for 10 years are appealing to the public for help in finding out what happened to him.John Daniel Tohill, known as "Danny", was ...For many, Easter is second only to Christmas as a ready-made excuse to abandon normal eating habits.?From the time the goods appear on supermarket shelves, Easter enthusiasts around the ...The search for an elderly gentleman missing in the Manukau Harbour since Thursday night will resume this morning.The 74 year-old man hasn't been seen since he was ...This morning the Tauranga based Trustpower TECT Rescue helicopter was dispatched to the Eastern Bay of plenty settlement of Hawai where an 18 year old local man had ...Source: Colin Harvey The Easter long weekend gets an extra hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am tonight. The Department of Internal Affairs says as well as changing clocks, the end of ...Source: Grahame Clark Help from the public has given police a good description of two men who brutally bashed two Korean fishermen at Ti Point Wharf early on Wednesday morning. The men ...To mark the Anzac centenary the world's largest poppy is being built in Auckland. And the artist is enlisting help from around ...Former All Black Mils Muliaina arrested over alleged sexual assault Former All Black Mils Muliaina to join Italian club Former All Blacks fullback Mils Muliaina has reportedly been arrested over an alleged sexual assault in the United Kingdom. The Connacht ...
are pleased to advise that the man missing in Howick hasjust been located.Mr Huang Dai was found at around 4.30pmin the Bucklands Beach area, after a member of the publicwho had seen item in the media saw him and phonedPolice.Mr Huang appears to be in good health and has beenreunited with his family."This is a greatoutcome.We're very grateful to the person who saw MrHuang and called us, thanks also to the media for theassistance, and the public for their vigilance" says
all motorists out and about today; please be aware someareas in the Canterbury District are experiencing highvolumes of traffic.We ask for your patience in getting toyour destination and remind everyone to drive to theconditions, it is better to get there in one piece than notat all.You can also view this release, including any
WHEN I first walked into Westminster Hall," says Darren Murinas, "I had to pinch myself. What's someone like me, from a council estate in Newcastle, who's been a drug dealer and a criminal, doing here?"Darren is recently returned from Parliament, where he shared an unusual knowledge with MPs.For Darren is an expert in the hidden side of society – the homelessness, the offending, the drug misuse – that put together go under the banner of 'multiple disadvantage', in which Stoke-on-Trent is reckoned to be ninth most affected city in England.Rather than a sideways shunt into a lowly siding, Darren has been fast-tracked to Expert Citizen, one whose voice will go a long way to helping others on the wrong side of the rails.After a lifetime of being handed labels – "addict, junkie, coke-head, alcoholic, drunk, claimant, scrounger, benefit cheat, mentally ill, manic depressive, nutter, disabled, spastic, dyslexic, problem child, brain dead, stupid, thick, naughty", he has revealed in his own blog – it's one of the first he's been happy to carry.Those labels also include 'blind idiot' and 'four eyes', for Darren is partially sighted, and it is there his problems started."It was September," he recalls, "chucking down with rain. I can remember that day vividly. It's like watching a film. I was about six years old, put in a car, taken away. I didn't realise what was going on until much later in life."With typical 70s insensitivity, Darren was off to a specialist blind school. It was, unwittingly, the start of his downhill slope. "It was like being kept in a protective bubble," he reflects. "I didn't want to leave. I had tears in my eyes when we were driving through the gates and I was coming home. I'd become institutionalised."I had my own friends and family within that environment and my own support network. I was quite scared."You came out and didn't know what was going on in so-called mainstream society. I struggled."After a brief period working as a technician for the fire service, the slope quickly became an edifice. "When I came to move on and try to find a different job, that's when things really started to go wrong. I couldn't cope because of the dyslexia and visual impairment."Matters worsened when another fingerhold on reality crumbled."I lost my grandfather to cancer – he was my best friend, brother, everything – and then I was looking for something. I was hurting. I ended up making a few mistakes and falling into the rave crowd, taking drugs."I wasn't happy inside, but when I was taking drugs I seemed to be happy. And I did have some good times – what I remember – but it was snowballing and snowballing. I was looking for something that wasn't really there."The descent into criminality was sadly inevitable. "You have to try to balance the books."People will only give you something free for so long and it was time to start paying your way."Someone asks you to do them a little favour and then it snowballs for the next 10 or 15 years."The drugs scene muddled his judgment. "You thought you were something you weren't. I had friends who weren't really friends. I was doing things I shouldn't have been doing."I knew I was doing wrong, but at the time you don't really think about the police, it was just normality. Maybe I was off my head the majority of the time, suffering from depression, whatever, but I thought I was still in this protective bubble. I thought I was untouchable."He wasn't. In 2010, he was jailed for four-and-a-half years for conspiring to supply cocaine. It wasn't quite the helping hand he needed."For someone like me to go to prison," he explains, "there are a few choices, and most of them are expanding your criminal network. It's like a college of criminality."You could have made more contacts and progressed up that criminal ladder – I didn't want that. I knew that quite early on."Prison was an opportunity in my eyes. But that opportunity was difficult to access. I tried to get educated but there was no support. I would have needed a classroom assistant, everything in large print. It nearly took me two years to get a magnifying glass to read my own correspondence."The first job they sent me to was the sewing machine shop. I'd probably have sewn my fingers together. The guy took one look at my white stick and sent me back to my prison cell."I thought 'I've come here, I've committed a crime, this is my punishment, but let's try to use this punishment in a positive way', but it was only at the last prison I went to I was put in education."Bizarrely, his escape route to a better life began in the kitchen. "One member of staff saw an interest I had in cookery. He noticed I had a talent. He said 'I know you've been struggling to get your education, I'm going to create a little job here for you within the education kitchens'."I'd been sitting in my cell 23 hours a day, so of course I gave it a go, and it was great, really amazing. I was helping to support some long-term prisoners coming up to release. Some of these guys were quite old, had never looked after themselves on the outside, so I was teaching them basic cookery and baking skills, budgeting, planning menus for when they got out."I didn't know what I was going to do with these skills when I left prison, but I knew I wanted to do something."Leaving, though, was to be a barrier in itself. "I was facing homelessness issues when I was released. I didn't know where I was going to live. It was quite daunting. Then an hour before I was released I was put in touch with Saltbox."The Christian mission which supports the vulnerable put a roof over his head. "I thought, 'great, this is it, I can start trying to do something with myself'."But systems, it seems, aren't designed to support ex-prisoners. Indeed, if anything they're weighted towards pushing them back towards old criminal networks."I'd left prison with £46, and that had to last me 14 weeks until I got my benefits. If it wasn't for the support of local churches and food banks and the staff from Saltbox I could quite easily have picked that phone up."And it wasn't to fund a playboy lifestyle again. Basically it was to feed, clothe and keep myself warm. It was close, but if that support hadn't been there maybe that would have been what happened."Life took an upwards turn when, in 2013, Darren, now living in Meir, was invited to a focus group run by Brighter Futures, the city charity providing support to those who require extra help to live independent and fulfilled lives."I didn't really know what it was about," admits Darren, aged 42, "but they wanted to speak to people who'd been through prison systems, offended, had mental health histories, and faced these sorts of problems. I thought I'd go along and give it a go."They were talking about how people like myself with lived experience could get involved with something, help to support others and shape future services. I grabbed the opportunity with both hands. Two years down the line, we're sitting here today."Brighter Futures leads the Voices partnership, a £10m Big Lottery-funded programme working with commissioners and Expert Citizens such as Darren to improve services in Stoke-on-Trent.It's a way of utilising knowledge, however unorthodox it might be, to help those out of similar holes. "When people are involved in crime and involved in addiction," says Darren, "they are clever people. For them to get their fix every day they have to have something about them. And to avoid the police and carry on in crime, there is some sort of skill there."It must be an amazing feeling for people to show that trust and faith, I say. "It is an amazing feeling. But all of us involved in Expert Citizens, we're all amazing people."We've all done things and been through things that some people would never survive. These are people who've experienced addiction, sex-working, domestic violence, criminality, lived on the streets for five years, but give them an opportunity, support them, and see where they can take that opportunity."We're so resourceful, we can do so many things, and we certainly can make a massive contribution to our local communities."Last month, Darren spoke to an all-Parliamentary group about complex needs and dual diagnosis."From being released from prison two years ago to then walk into places like Parliament, that's a massive journey. Those MPs actually listened and it was used as evidence for the Budget."Does he think we still live in a land where people are labelled? "Oh yes, most definitely. And that's something the Expert Citizens are passionate about, trying to get rid of these labels, and the stigma."For all our lives we've always had some label put on us, labels that never go away. People will still call me a criminal even though I've moved away from that life, have served my time and licence, and done whatever I can to try to make things better."Don't ever think that Darren's life is now one that would match up to most people's definition of 'normal'. He's still on the path back to that somewhat unquantifiable status."I wouldn't call my outside life normal. I lead quite a solitary life. So when I've done my volunteering here I basically go home and lock myself behind the door – because I want to. I've been out there in the big wide world, doing what I've done, and look where it got me. I don't want that. I'm a lot happier inside myself than I was all those years ago."So it's still quite solitary, but doing this, and to be involved, and to be allowed to come and volunteer and share my experience, I know if I wasn't doing this it could have been quite different for me."I would have been left at home, my mental health would have deteriorated and who knows where that would have left me. It may have led me down the same paths as before. It may have led me down some darker paths."Whatever path he plies, self-pity will never be Darren's companion. "The combination of events in the late 70s probably were a big factor in my journey," he looks back, "and the events of the 90s, but I don't blame them. I blame what happened on my own mistakes."If someone can learn from them, then all those mistakes I made in the past have been worth making."
Nakuru - Police have arrested two university students for posting alarming terror threat message on Facebook using a fake account.The two students Titus Ngare Nyagah and Alex Wachira both from Egerton University were arrested on Saturday, after a long search by police officers, The Standard reported.The message, which was posted on ‘Egerton Campus Life page’, warned of terror attacks on the university, just a day after the al Shabaab attack on Garissa University College, that left 152 people killed.“We are not joking and if you think we are wait for us. Garissa is nothing compared to what will in Egerton University, Allah is to be worship. We have spies and maps of the whole Egerton,” read the post.The message was posted using the account of Robert Mungai alias Robert Mohammed Blues, who police had placed KES 2 million reward on him after the post.- For more visit The StandardFor the latest on national news, politics, sport, entertainment and more follow us on Twitter and like our Facebook page!
The "Reclaim Australia" events drew hundreds of supporters but also triggered counter-rallies from other groups who criticised them as racist and called for greater tolerance."We are pro-Australian values and anti-extreme Islam, but we're not anti-Muslim," Reclaim Australia spokeswoman Catherine Brennan told AFP, adding there was no racism behind the rallies, which she said had attracted people from diverse backgrounds."Since when is it being racist to love your country and to love the values and culture that you've been brought up with?"Reclaim Australia's John Oliver told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that the group was "not against any particular race or any particular religion"."We're against the extremists of one particular religion," he said."I know in Sydney and Melbourne they've got Muslims already signed on to attend because they can see what's happening and they don't like what's happening."In Sydney, hundreds braved the rain to rally in Martin Place, near the site of a deadly siege in which a lone gunman inspired by the Islamic State group took customers and staff hostage in a cafe in December. Two people, and the gunman, were killed in that incident."We have an extreme ideology called Islam which is starting to gain a foothold in our societies," one speaker told the event, in which one person held a home-made sign reading "No Islam. No Sharia. No Halal".In Melbourne, tensions between competing protesters led to scuffles, with police on horseback forced to form a barrier between the groups, and reports paramedics treated several people for injuries.And in Queensland, former politician Pauline Hanson defended the rallies, which on its website Reclaim Australia said were against sharia law and the burqa and in support of gender equality."We have people here today who stand against racism. So do I," Hanson said."Events like theirs incite racism and violence against Muslims," Clare Fester, who organised the counter-protest in Sydney said in statement."Their attacks on Islam imply that anyone who is a Muslim is violent, supports terrorism and is anti-woman. This in an attempt to target all Muslims with classic racist stereotypes."
The 25-year-old unnamed maid filed a complaint with police last month accusing Dr Yonas Tegegn, the WHO's representative in Thailand, and his wife of abusing her and forcing her to work without pay for nearly two years.Police on Wednesday said they would investigate the allegations and question the couple, who are also Ethiopian nationals."These accusations made against me and my family are baseless. We deny any wrongdoing," he said in a statement emailed to AFP.Tegegn added that he hoped both the media and Thailand's legal system would "give us a fair chance to clear our name".The unnamed maid's lawyer Surapong Kongchantuk from the Lawyers Council of Thailand told AFP earlier in the week that she had worked for the family between July 2013 and March 2014.He alleged that she had not received a proper salary during that time, had to sleep in a room with the family's dog, was physically abused and was only fed rice.He said the maid escaped her employers when she was rescued by passers-by after a suicide attempt and is being helped by a local NGO to pursue a case against her employers.In the statement Tegen said the maid began working with the family in June 2013 until March 8."After that date she was scheduled to return to her home country Ethiopia," the statement said.Tegegn added that "at all times we have treated her (the maid) as a member of our family, with all dignity, respect and consideration".A WHO official in Bangkok said the organisation was "aware of the allegations in the media about a private matter between Dr Yonas and his former employee"."WHO is taking this allegations very seriously, and we are reviewing them according to WHO internal procedures," the spokesman said.According to a biography on the WHO's website, Tegegn is a doctor with 30 years' experience who has worked for the organisation in Ethiopia, Rwanda, Switzerland, India and North Korea before his Thailand posting.
Police are making steady progress in the investigation of a serious assault against two Korean fishermen at Ti Point Wharf early on Wednesday morning.Following yesterday’s media release, Police have received a number of calls with information from members of the public and now able to provide an updated description of the offenders, including a distinctive car they are believed to have been travelling in.Based on information received over the past 24 hours, Police are looking for two men of the following description;-Caucasian (not Maori or Pacific Islander), both aged in their 30’s of average build.-Had a young dog with them, possibly a red-nose Pitbull.-Driving a dark-red Ford Falcon Station Wagon, with windows that may have been tinted.Police also believe that the offenders may have been at the Leigh Wharf on the afternoon of Tuesday 31 March.“We’d like to hear from anyone who was at the Ti Point Wharf or Leigh Wharf on Tuesday or early Wednesday and may have seen these men.Thank you to the public, particularly the Leigh community, for your help so far.We’re continuing to work through all information provided to us and as this is an ongoing investigation we’re mindful not to compromise the enquiry by discussing certain aspects any further at this point in time, but we continue to appeal to anyone with information to make contact with us” says Detective Constable Jackson Shewry, Rodney Police.Anyone with information can contact Detective Constable Shewry on 09 213 8079.Information can also be given anonymously to the organisation Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell is "getting stronger each day" after being taken to hospital earlier this week, a statement published on her website says.The 71-year-old was found unconscious in her Los Angeles home on Tuesday afternoon.A statement released on her website late on Friday said the singer was "resting comfortably".It is still not clear what Ms Mitchell is being treated for."We are encouraged by her progress and she continues to improve and get stronger each day," the statement said.In December, Canadian-born Ms Mitchell told Billboard magazine that she had a rare skin condition, Morgellons disease, which prevented her from performing."I can't sing any more - don't miss it. I can't play any more - don't miss it. I've got all these instruments laying around and hopefully one day I'll pick them up," she was quoted as saying.Morgellons is a controversial condition and is not recognised by mainstream medical authorities.Sufferers say it is characterised by crawling and stinging sensations under the skin but many in the medical community believe it is a psychiatric disorder.
As Hull City travel to Swansea, midfielder David Meyler tells Philip Buckingham why relegation is not on his agenda.THERE was no pause, not even for a second, when David Meyler was asked if relegation from the Premier League had been considered."Nope," he said immediately. "No. We are not going down."Hull City returning to the Championship next season is incomprehensible for Meyler. Not even the slender three-point gap that separates the Tigers and the drop-zone can plant a seed of doubt in his mind.That belief will be tested at Swansea City this afternoon, the first of eight games left to prove the midfielder right, but Meyler sees too much in his team-mates to worry."Where we've been successful in the seasons I've been here has been that togetherness," said the Irishman."The Championship year, getting promoted, staying in the Premier League and the FA Cup final last year."There's great camaraderie between all of us. We're all in it together."We all eat together, we go out together, and maybe at other clubs that doesn't happen so much."That stands you in good stead. You look at your pal and you think 'I don't want to let him down' because he's looking out for you as well."You work that bit harder for one another. If I make a mistake I know I can rely on (Tom) Huddlestone, (Jake) Livermore, (Stephen) Quinn, all those lads."They'll get me out of trouble and if it's one of them that's made a mistake I'll be doing everything I can to help them out."At times people like to point fingers at each other but that's not us."There's no fun in blaming other people."Every ounce of that unity will be needed as City prepare for a run of fixtures that will have the casting vote on the success of their campaign.Although nine points from the last seven games, a bright sequence that saw them lose just twice, has dragged Steve Bruce's men out of the bottom three and up to 15th, there is work still to be done to avoid the drop.The opposition left to face see to that. Swansea are one of six sides currently residing in the Premier League's top eight left on City's calendar.Southampton, Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United, teams all chasing the Champions League, make it a finale as daunting as any of their rivals.Not that Meyler is concerned. A 3-2 defeat to Chelsea last time out, a compelling fixture that saw City fight back from 2-0 down before conceding late on, was proof that no opponent should be feared."Any eight games you play, they're going to be tough," he said."Burnley beat us away but we drew 1-1 at the Etihad. That's two ends of the table."But this is the Premier League and that's what can happen. That's why people love it so much."We've got to work as hard as we can for one another and the manager. You've got to run that extra bit harder."If you look at the stats in games we've done well in, it's because we've worked harder than the opposition."If you're working harder than your opposite man, you're generally on top."On any given day, any team can beat any other team. Look at Burnley against Man City. We should have beaten Man City as well and then we could have beaten Chelsea as well."And there's the rub. Meyler struggles to take too much out of the Chelsea game when falling to defeat. Assistant boss Mike Phelan drummed that message home in a team meeting this week."It's all about determination. It's the team's that apply themselves in the right manner, stay focused and doing the job required. The teams that do that end up succeeding," said Meyler."We've just acquired Mike Phelan and we're fortunate. Someone who's been at Man United for all those years, he's changed the mentality of us."We spoke the other morning about the Chelsea game and it can't be good enough for us to accept a 3-2 defeat."He's drilling that into us, to have that winning mentality and not settle for just a good performance."We need to build on performances like that."As well as we did, we've got to get into the mentality that it wasn't good enough. You can't just accept a 3-2 defeat."I know they're due to be Premier League champions, and they're top of the table for a reason, but when you fight so hard to get back from 2-0 down, we were on top and dominating the game."If Meyler sounded clinical in his assessments, there was still room for a lighthearted moment.Before taking his seat he made sure one topic was off limits in this interview."Don't be asking me about the manager and those pictures," he smirked, referencing the photographs published in a national newspaper of Bruce enjoying a break on the beaches of Barbados. "He's the boss."Instead the focus was on Swansea, a side eighth in the table and beaten just four times in 15 home games this season. Meyler sees the potential for a win in South Wales and for another two or three to follow. Survival in style is in his mind."If we're going to put in a performance like we did against Chelsea, do that from start to finish, I don't see why we can't win the majority of our games," he said."Each team can only worry about the job that lies in front of them and that's all we will do."It's Swansea first and if we stamp our authority, I don't see why we can't win."There's 24 points up for grabs and I don't see why we can't win at least three or four games."We were 16th last season. We're 15th now so let's see where we can finish. I don't see why we can't remain here or be higher."
King of the Wolds is fancied to reign supreme in the 888sport.com Hand- icap Chase (3.10, CH4) at Haydock.Malcolm Jefferson’s eight-year-old drew a blank from his first four outings of the campaign, but returned from a two-month break to score over three miles on soft ground at Ayr four weeks ago.Brian Hughes’ mount had five lengths and more to spare over his rivals that day, and an 8lb rise in the weights takes him to just 2lb above his highest winning rating over fences.Crucially, King Of The Wolds encounters identical conditions this afternoon and, now he's rediscovered his mojo, is poised to follow up.
MIKE NEWELL reckons managers getting a cut of player sales is one of the best kept secrets in the English lower leagues.So the former Blackburn, Everton and Aberdeen striker would not be surprised if Scottish clubs are following suit.Newell became a whistleblower in 2006 after lifting the lid on agents involved in dodgy deals when he was in charge at Luton Town.But he insists managers having clauses in their contracts to pick up percentages of sales is legitimate – as he had a deal like that himself.On Thursday, angry Dundee United fans claimed boss Jackie McNamara has a similar arrangement in place at Tannadice – and last night the club confirmed certain bonuses are payable in respect of player transfers.Newell is convinced this will become ever more common practice as clubs fight financial fires.He said: “It was in a contract offered to me by Luton so I had no problem with it. It was a percentage of profit made on players rather than the sale value. I don’t think there was anything wrong with it.“I’m sure it is becoming more common in England and perhaps Scotland too as clubs up there need to sell players to survive.“When you are at a selling club you are not going to be able to keep your best players. You lose them and have to find replacements. That’s not easy and this is a bonus at the end of the day.”Jackie McNamara (left) has been criticised for taking the bonusNewell reckons the clauses in the managers’ contracts are a way to attract a better calibre of boss when money is tight.He said: “There are clubs who constantly move players on and if they can’t afford the same salaries for managers this is a way of enticing a better standard of boss.“If you are doing a proper job, going out and watching players every night, bringing youth players through and showing faith in them and then making a profit on them, there’s nothing wrong with it.”There may be nothing wrong with it but Newell understands why it doesn’t sit easy with all fans. Some see the manager gaining from sales as a conflict of interest. Punters assume incentives should come from achievements on the park rather than on the balance sheet.Newell sympathises with them but warns that there are far more murky goings-on in football than fans could ever imagine.He said: “I can understand why they are upset but there are a lot of things going on in the game the fans don’t know about. That’s something I have a problem with because they pay for the game at the end of the day.”Newell’s crusade rocked the English game to its foundations as the FA brought more than 55 charges of corruption. His claims – along with then QPR boss Ian Holloway led to the infamous BBC Panorama documentary which dragged managers Sam Allardyce and Harry Redknapp into the mire.Newell – now Accrington Stanley coach – believes his managerial career suffered following the expose but has never regretted shining a light on football’s dark corners. And he insists managers having player sell-on clauses is completely above board.He said: “If it’s in the contract that’s fine as far as I am concerned. The problem I have is when managers are making money out of player sales when it’s not in the contract.“That was the issue I had a few years ago. It was rife back then and it still goes on now. It’s money that goes out of the game. But there’s no problem if it’s a clause in a contract.”
Tony Pulis is plotting a summer overhaul behind the scenes at Albion after insisting he is more than just a Premier League Houdini.Pulis is planning to revamp the Baggies’ recruitment system at the end of the season as he prepares for his first full season at the helm after admitting the club went ‘off the rails’ in the last two campaigns.And the Welshman has hit out at his media image as a top-flight survival specialist after he was drafted in by Crystal Palace and Albion in the last two seasons to guide them out of relegation peril.Asked about his ‘masters degree’ in survival, Pulis said: “I get very disappointed when people say that because I’ve actually got a masters degree in getting promotion from every league in this country.“I have taken a team from the bottom end of the Championship and turned it into a team that’s stayed in the Premier League for the last seven or eight years.“They went to a cup final and the last 32 in Europe.”Pulis was this afternoon hoping to take a major step towards completing his Hawthorns survival mission with victory at home to struggling QPR.And the former Stoke boss is already planning changes in the summer with the club’s recruitment processes high on his agenda.Technical director Terry Burton currently oversees signings while the scouting network is run day-to-day by head of recruitment Mervyn Day.But Pulis took a hands-on role in January and is likely to take the lead in the summer.“It has gone a little bit off the rails in the last two or three years,” said the had coach.“I don’t think anyone can argue about that, it is now just about trying to get it back on track.“I have talked about various things that I’d like to put in place so we can follow up on a lot of the work that they do behind the scenes.“It’s about doing all that work and then putting it in front of people who can then follow it up and really look into what’s going on on the recruitment side.“There are lots of things that go on at this club that people don’t realise or recognise that have to be changed.“But the most important thing is always the results on the pitch because they buy you time to make certain changes.“I’m not saying there are going to be sweeping changes, I’m just saying they are changes that will will help the club in the future.”
Free man: Anthony Ray Hinton walks out of an Alabama jail after serving 30 years on death rowA man who spent almost 30 years on death row for the slayings of two fast-food managers which he did not commit has walked free from an American jail.Anthony Ray Hinton walked out of an Alabama prison on Friday greeted by a crowd of photographers and reporters and cries of "Praise God" from well-wishers.The 58-year-old was convicted of the 1985 murders of two fast-food managers, but new testing did not match crime scene bullets to the gun found at his home.He dabbed tears away outside Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham, Alabama, as he said: "For all of you out there snapping pictures of me, I want you to know there is a Lord.Reunion: Anthony Ray Hinton is greeted by family outside the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham, Alabama"For all who say they believe in justice, this is the case that proves it is true."Hinton's case was picked up in 1998 by the Equal Justice Initiative, which tried for more than a decade to get the bullets re-tested.The US Supreme Court threw out his conviction last year, and prosecutors decided not to retry him for the killings.Among those waiting outside the Jefferson County jail was Hinton's lawyer, Bryan Stevenson, director of the Equal Justice Initiative."How wonderful it is that freedom is finally back for this man," he said. "He was convicted because he was poor."Anthony Ray Hinton said after being freed: 'For all who say they believe in justice, this is the case that proves it is true.'A former day laborer, Hinton plans to stay with a childhood friend upon release, Stevenson said. His mother died while he was in prison and he has no other family in the area.Hinton spent most of the time in a solitary death row cell, said Stevenson.In throwing out his conviction, the US Supreme Court agreed that Hinton had been inadequately represented at trial.The Supreme Court ruling found the court-appointed attorney used as a witness a firearms expert he knew to be incompetent.Stevenson also blamed the conviction, and the length of time it took to free Hinton, on prosecutorial misconduct and the indifference of judges."We gave the prosecutors every opportunity to do the right thing. They just would not do it," he said."I've never represented anyone on death row who had more courage than Mr Hinton," he added.Hinton was linked to the murders by a victim in a third fast-food shooting who identified him as the shooter.But when the third shooting occurred, Hinton was working in a locked warehouse about 15 miles away, the Equal Justice Initiative said.His boss and other employees vouched that he could not have committed the crime.
Claret and new: Sean Dyche and his team are adjusting to life in top-flightBurnley boss Sean Dyche says his players will have “clear minds” to cope with a relegation scrap.Spurs visit Turf Moor on Sunday with the Clarets in the drop zone, but just a point from safety with eight games to go.Dyche said: “You have to have clear minds for each game. We haven’t over-thought the things that have gone for and against us.“We were written off at the start of the season, middle of the season and now at the end of the season.“Yes, we’ve been dented a few times, but never broken.“We don’t stare at the league table, but we know where we are, so it’s just bringing that clarity of how we work on the training field on to the pitch."Up the Clarets! Burnley fans celebrate promotion to Premier League last seasonDyche admits his side have struggled to adjust to life in the top-flight, but hopes they can take encouragement from how they dealt with their successful promotion run-in last season.He added: “There was a freedom to play through last season even when the heat was turned up. I want that this season. I want the players to be aware of that.“It takes time to develop a mind-set and understanding at this level of the challenge outside what is on the pitch.“That can’t be done overnight, but we’re getting there.“All the media, full stadiums, mass worldwide coverage, Twitter, Facebook – all the things players are experiencing is 10 times what it was last season.”
If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page.
PORT Talbot comedian Rob Brydon will be joining another all-star line-up for a celebrity golf tournament at the Celtic Manor Resort.Philip Glenister and Gethin Jones will join him in the Wales team in the round-robin format of nine-hole matches on July 4 and 5.They will be going up against the likes of Vernon Kay, who is making his debut at the tournament and will be hoping England can hold on to last year's Celebrity Cup title.Mr Kay said: "I'm really looking forward to playing in the Celebrity Cup for the first time this summer. I love my golf and I've heard some great things from some of the other guys who have competed before, about what a fun time they always have at this event."Let's hope we can keep the Celebrity Cup in English hands again this year and raise a lot of money for the Caron Keating Foundation while we're at it."Ronan Keating has announced that he will be back on the Irish team after getting his first taste of the action in 2014. Keating will once again team up with his Boyzone bandmate Keith Duffy and former Westlife singer Brian McFadden for Ireland.Hollywood actor Dougray Scott is another player returning to the fold when he lines up for Scotland with a trio of football legends, Kenny Dalglish, Alan Hansen and Gordon Strachan.
Biologists are calling on locals from Nottinghamshire to report spring sightings of rabbits and hares.It is part of a new conservation initiative, led by the Mammal Society, to see whether the animal's numbers are increasing or decreasing by producing the first National Mammal Atlas in over 20 years.The society believes hares are declining in parts of the UK, and rabbits have been hit by myxomatosis and other viral diseases.So locals are ebing asked to send in photographs to help map the mammal's UK population.Dr Fiona Mathews, chair of the society, said: "Mammals can be rare, nocturnal, shy, and difficult to see."Rabbits and hares, on the other hand, are easy to spot, particularly in spring when vegetation is low."People tend to assume that because they see them, these animals must be everywhere. In fact, some areas have very low populations, particularly where there have been disease outbreaks, whereas in other areas they can be significant agricultural pests."There is some evidence that hares may not be as numerous as they once were, so we need to find out whether they are suffering the same declines as many other farmland species."Derek Crawley, who co-ordinating the new atlas, said the two different species are quite straightforward to tell apart.He said: "Hares are usually solitary or seen in pairs, whereas rabbits are often found in social groups."Hares are larger, have long limbs and lollop along whereas the rabbit has a bobbing gait. They usually look skinny compared with the rounder shape of a rabbit."The ears are also distinctive: those of hares are longer and have black tips. Finally, the eyes of hares are amber whereas rabbit eyes are dark brown."If you are lucky enough to spot a rare mountain hare, these have grey coats in summer and are white in the winter, and their ears do not have black tips."The Nottinghamshire Wildlife Trust said the brown hair used to be common in the countryside, but due to a combination of loss of habitat through more intense farming and increased predation has drastically reduced the population.How to report your sightingsSightings of rabbits and hares, or of their field signs such as droppings and burrows, can be reported via the Mammal Tracker app, on the Mammal Society website at www.mammal.org.uk, or by mailing them to The Mammal Society, 3 The Carronades, New Road, Southampton, SO14 0AA.If posting your records, be sure to include a grid reference or postal code/location and a date for your sighting. The web-based system lets you find your location on a clickable map, and the app records your location automatically, so these are the easiest systems to use. Whenever possible, please also submit a photograph to allow your sighting to be verified by an expert.
The "cultural side" of some communities should be looked at in a bid to see why there are men who have a "completely unacceptable" view of women, Culture Secretary Sajid Javid has said.Mr Javid asked why there are men in modern British society who have "such a low value of women that they see them as commodities to be abused".The politician told the Daily Telegraph magazine: "In order to get to the bottom of this we have to look at the cultural aspects of it, and we can no longer be held back in any sense by political correctness."I know plenty of people, British Muslims, men and women, who would 100% agree with that, not only out of a sense of shame but also because of the fear of what else might be going on."Some of the values that certain people in some communities have, in their attitudes to women or on the question of freedom of expression, are just totally unacceptable in British society; and we do no one any favours when we don't investigate or talk about them."Mr Javid said a "misplaced sense of political correctness" prevented authorities "properly investigating" what was going on in the past.He told the magazine: "Well, first of all the perpetrators were disproportionately Asian Muslim men, and I absolutely think there has been a misplaced sense of political correctness that prevented authorities, whether social workers or police, from properly investigating what was going on."If we are to learn proper lessons from this, we have to look at the cultural side of some communities in Britain and see why it is that in some communities there are men that have a view of women that is completely unacceptable in modern British society; why do they have such a low value of women that they see them as commodities to be abused?"And these are just the cases we know about. But what about the women in their own communities? What might be going on that we don't know about, where girls are too frightened to report something?"His comments come after vulnerable young girls suffered abuse at the hands of men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford.
Connacht player Mils Muliaina has been arrested in Wales on suspicion of sexual assault.The 34-year-old is suspect of involvement in an incident in Cardiff last month.He was shown on television being taken away by police after the final whistle of his team's European Challenge Cup quarter -final match at Gloucester on Friday night.Muliaina earned 100 caps for New Zealand, wearing the All Blacks number 15 jersey with distinction for nine years. He retired in 2011.A spokesman for Gloucestershire Police said: "A man in his 30s was arrested at Kingsholm Stadium on Friday 3rd April on suspicion of sexual assault in relation to an incident in Cardiff in March."The man has been handed over to officers from South Wales Police who are investigating the incident."Details of the incident have not been confirmed. Muliaina was in the Welsh capital playing for Connacht against Cardiff Blues on March 6.
He did not exactly bowl them over in Utah, or even in Kentucky. But he came anyway, and maybe that was the point.It would be hard for him to find a place where he is less popular than in Utah, the tourist-friendly mecca for skiers, hikers, Mormons and Republicans. The president received just 25 percent of the vote here in 2012, his lowest showing in any state, in a 50-point loss to his opponent, Mitt Romney, who now makes his home in Utah.For obvious reasons, then, Obama had never made it to Utah since taking office, but when he landed Thursday night, it became the 49th state he has visited as president. (South Dakota is the lone standout.) While relegated to campaign in more Democrat-friendly states in the months before the fall midterm elections, Obama lately has made a point of visiting Republican-leaning states like Alabama, Idaho, Kansas, South Carolina and, in the past two days, Kentucky and Utah.David Simas, the president’s director of political strategy and outreach, said the visits build off key themes in recent speeches: “That there’s much more that unites us as Americans than divides us.”He added, “When you step out of Washington, there’s a bipartisan consensus around so many issues, including clean energy, skills training, community college and other topics.”Indeed, this week Obama stuck to less polarizing themes like job training. In Louisville on Thursday, he visited a data technology firm called Indatus to highlight his efforts to teach technology skills. Here at this air base north of Salt Lake City on Friday, he announced a new goal of training 75,000 workers for the solar energy industry by 2020, many of them military veterans.These are not high-profile events. He arrived three hours late in Louisville because of the announcement of a preliminary nuclear agreement with Iran and then gave an 11-minute speech to just a few dozen people. He then flew to Utah for a roundtable discussion and gave an eight-minute speech to a similarly small crowd against the backdrop of an array of solar panels and the state’s majestic snow-topped mountains.But Obama also used the occasion to meet with leaders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, as the Mormon church is known, and Utah’s Republican governor, Gary Herbert.In Kentucky, home of his primary congressional antagonist, Sen. Mitch McConnell, the Republican majority leader, Obama accused the opposition of wanting to cut federal funding for job training. That irritated McConnell’s team, which responded by saying that Republicans had made no such proposal and that Obama was simply extrapolating what would have to be cut under broader spending ceilings that he too once agreed to.Either way, McConnell’s staff said the president’s visit seemed unnecessarily antagonistic.“Weird that on the eve of his attempt to sell Congress on his Iran caper that he would be in GOP states attacking Republicans,” said Don Stewart, the senator’s spokesman. “And why not visit the states of Democrats who oppose his trade agenda to encourage them? Really odd strategy.”These visits, however, pay off in their own way. The front page of The Courier-Journal in Louisville after his visit featured a large banner headline: “Essentially America.” It mistook something he had said in his speech about skills training being “essential to America,” but for a president who has struggled to quash doubts about his own birthplace, it had a special resonance.
The types of cookies we, our ad network and technology partners use are listed below:A tool used by some of our advertisers to target adverts to you based on pages you have visited in the past. To opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here.Our sites contain advertising from Google; these use cookies to ensure you get adverts relevant to you. You can tailor the type of ads you receive by visiting here or to opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here.This is used to help us identify unique visitors to our websites. This data is anonymous and we cannot use this to uniquely identify individuals and their usage of the sites.This comes from our ad serving technology and is used to track how many times you have seen a particular ad on our sites, so that you don't just see one advert but an even spread. This information is not used by us for any other type of audience recording or monitoring.Our partner for Newspaper subscriptions online stores data from the forms you complete in these to increase the usability of the site and enhance user experience.Add This provides the social networking widget found in many of our pages. This widget gives you the tools to bookmark our websites, blog, share, tweet and email our content to a friend.We use Advertising agencies to provide us with some of the advertising on our websites. These include (but are not limited to) Specific Media, The Rubicon Project, AdJug, AdConion, Context Web. Please click on the provider name to visit their opt-out page.
The giant particle accelerator, which will be restarted this week, last year found the Higgs boson, called by some "the God Particle", which is thought to give other sub-atomic particles, and matter, their mass.Now scientists at the Cern installation in Switzerland believe they might find miniature black holes, which, some theories posit, would reveal the existence of a parallel universe.And if the holes are found at a certain energy, it could prove the controversial theory of rainbow gravity, which suggests that the universe stretches back in time infinitely and that there is no singular point at which it started - and so no Big Bang.The rainbow gravity theory was postulated to reconcile Einstein's theory of general relativity, which deals with very large objects, up to cosmic scale, and quantum mechanics, applicable at sub-atomic scale.It takes its name from a suggestion that gravity affects different wavelengths of light - in other words, colours of light - differently.The huge amounts of energy needed to generate rainbow gravity mean that if the theory is true the early universe would have been very different to that described by older theories. If you were to go back in time the universe, according to the rainbow theory, would approach infinite density but never quite reach it.The effect of rainbow gravity is small for objects comparable in mass to the Earth but it is significant and measurable for black holes. It could be detected by the large hadron collider if it created black holes."We have calculated the energy at which we would expect to detect mini black holes according to the rainbow gravity theory."If we do detect them at this energy we will know that the theories positing rainbow gravity and extra dimensions are correct," Dr Mir Faizal told Phys.org.The second run of the collider will begin this week and the beams are expected to go fully around the 27km circular accelerator on Wednesday for the first time since it was shut down in early 2013 for upgrading.When it is fired up it will smash protons together at nearly double the energy that was available to find the Higgs boson.Rolf Heuer, director-general of Cern, said the switch-on would create "a new era for physics" that could shed light on the nature of dark matter, dark energy and super-symmetry."I want to see the first light in the dark universe. If that happens, then nature has been kind to me."Scientists believe they could find the first proof of alternative realities that exist outside our own universe."Just as a stack of many sheets of paper, which are virtually two-dimensional objects [breadth and length] can exist in a third dimension [height], parallel universes can exist in higher dimensions," said Faizal."When people think of the multiverse they think of the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics, in which every possibility is actualised in its own universe."This cannot be tested and so is philosophy, not science."This is not what we mean here by 'parallel universes' - we mean real universes in extra dimensions."Frances Saunders, president of the Institute of Physics, in the UK, said, "These higher energies [could] give us greater insight into the 95% of the universe that is composed of dark matter and dark energy."
It is incomprehensible what the repercussions might be of experienced and skilled personnel being retrenched or even fired without the equivalent trade-off of the relevant skills.The consumer is always the milking cow. The odds are stacked against South Africa and its citizens.
A MARRIED dad-of-two has been arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef Claudia Lawrence six years after she vanished.The 59-year-old, who lives within half a mile of Claudia's home in York, was held five days after police released CCTV footage of a man seen lurking near her house on the night her parents last spoke to her .The latest development was believed to be linked to the CCTV investigation and a recent search of the alleyway behind Claudia’s home in Heworth, York.The officer leading the murder inquiry described it as a “critical phase in seeking the truth” about what happened to Claudia.It is believed this could be the fourth time police have spoken to the dad, whose wife was being comforted by one of their grown-up sons today.A local landlady said the dad previously joked about being interviewed by police when Claudia went missing in 2009 aged 35.She said: “He told me how police had gone round to his house but they questioned lots of people at the time.“He did joke about it but at the time he was one of a number.”Police said in a statement today: “Searches are being conducted which are expected to be ongoing over a number of days.“No further details relating to the arrest will be provided at this stage of the investigation. Claudia has not been found.”Claudia’s father Peter Lawrence, 68, said the arrest was “totally out of the blue.”He added: “Any progress is good. We have been here before.”Police have up to 96 hours to question the suspect before they must charge or release him.It is the third arrest in what has become one of Britain’s biggest unsolved murder cases.A 59-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder last year but but released without charge and another is still on bail on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.Peter Lawrence’s spokesman Martin Dales said: “I’m encouraged by the police activity. There have only been three arrests in six years, nobody has been charged with anything nor is there a crime scene.“There’s still quite a bit to do. We’ve had highs and lows throughout all of this. It’s now a waiting game and that’s what we have learnt to do these last six years.”Jen King, one of Claudia’s closest friends, said today: “Everyone wants closure but they’ve already arrested two people and got nowhere. You just thave to wait and see what happens.”Claudia was last seen returning home from her job as a chef at the University of York on March 18 2009. She phoned her parents that evening and texted a friend but has not been heard from since.She was reported missing after failing to turn up for work the next day.In 2013 a Major Crime Unit was brought in to review the hunt for Claudia. Her mum said she had “complete faith” in them.Try your hand at our daily news quiz:
JACQUELINE JOSSA is taking motherhood in her stride and refuses to let Dan's drama with ex Megan Tomlin ruin her happy time with new baby Ella.She appears to have shrugged off any recent drama concerning her other half.Putting on a united front, the former EastEnders actress has taken to Twitter to share an adorable picture of her baby daughter and boyfriend Dan Osborne asleep together.The star simply captioned it: "I love my family so much."Dan also appeared to put the recent drama behind him and shared his own picture of the loved-up pair cuddling up together on the red carpet.This comes after the reality star insisted he's never been violent towards any woman after a second tape leaked of his heated rows with ex Megan Tomlin.The handsome Essex star, who has 14-month-old son Teddy with the pretty brunette, has hit back after the audio was published by the Sun on Sunday, in which he heard snarling at Megan: "It won't be funny when you're in hospital."Last night he took to Twitter to try and defend himself and told a follower who blasted him for the rant: "Wasn't and never have been violent towards any woman".He also said: "You don't know me, my family etc know the truth. Sorry that a story is being made by something from about 8 months ago #boringnow."[It] was never about anyone other than the love I felt for my son. We live and learn. It's the past and bored of reading about it."
Angelina Jolie has undergone preventive surgery to have her ovaries and fallopian tubes removed, just two years after having a double mastectomy.The actress emotionally revealed that she made the decision after doctors said she was at an increased risk of developing ovarian cancer.Writing in The New York Times, the mother, who carries a mutation in the BRCA1 gene, said the decision was "not easy"."In my case, the eastern and western doctors I met agreed that surgery to remove my tubes and ovaries was the best option, because, on top of the BRCA gene, three women in my family have died from cancer," she said."My doctors indicated I should have preventive surgery about a decade before the earliest onset of cancer in my female relatives."My mother's ovarian cancer was diagnosed when she was 49. I'm 39."It is not possible to remove all risk, and the fact is I remain prone to cancer."I will look for natural ways to strengthen my immune system. I feel feminine, and grounded in the choices I am making for myself and my family. I know my children will never have to say 'Mom died of ovarian cancer'."
White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough said that the almost 50 year Israeli occupation of Palestinian soil must end.McDonough made it clear Monday that the pre-election harsh rhetoric of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu worries the US, despite Netanyahu’s attempt to take back its pre-election commitment of abandoning the two-state solution.“We cannot simply pretend that those comments were never made,” McDonough told the J Street conference in Washington, on Monday. He also warned Israel’s next government not to consider unilateral annexation of any West Bank territory, saying it would “be both wrong and illegal.”According to Israeli website Haaretz, McDonough said: “Israel cannot maintain military control of another people indefinitely…an occupation that has lasted for almost 50 years must end.” McDonough called into question Netanyahu’s sincerity regarding the two-state solution.“After the election, the prime minister said that he had not changed his position, but for many in Israel and in the international community, such contradictory comments call into question his commitment to a two-state solution, as did his suggestion that the construction of settlements has a strategic purpose of dividing Palestinian communities and his claim that conditions in the larger Middle East must be more stable before a Palestinian state can be established,” he said. “We cannot simply pretend that those comments were never made, or that they don’t raise questions about the prime minister’s commitment to achieving peace through direct negotiations.”The White House official clarified that the American government believes the solution to the Palestinian issue is: borders based on the 1967 lines with mutually agreed swaps, security arrangements, and a “sovereign and sustainable” Palestinian state.Russian news agency RT, also reported that in an interview with Israel’s Army Radio, US Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro said America’s approach to the country would be re-evaluated – again pointing to Netanyahu’s comments.“This was not Israel’s stance until those comments. It is confusing and raises doubts regarding Israel’s true stance…The question we are still focusing on is how to progress towards the solution of two states for two nations…I cannot deny that we have serious issues with some statements said during the elections season. One of them is the shirking of a ‘Palestinian’ state. We believe that it is the only solution that will safeguard a Jewish and democratic Israel. Netanyahu said that he will not lend a hand to the establishment of a ‘Palestinian’ state so long as he is Prime Minister,” Shapiro said.
Angelina Jolie announced Tuesday that she has had her ovaries and fallopian tubes removed over fears of cancer, following her double mastectomy two years ago.The actress, who has lost her mother, grandmother and aunt to cancer, made the announcement in an op-ed piece in the New York Times.The Hollywood superstar carries a gene mutation that had given her an 87 percent risk of developing breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of developing ovarian cancer.
Melbourne Rebels could reshuffle their backline following a shock hand injury to star winger Dom Shipperley.The Wallabies and Rebels wide man had surgery on a fractured hand early this week after playing through the injury in last Friday night's loss to the Lions at AAMI Park.Despite appearing to show no problems during the game, Shipperley is expected to miss four to six weeks, putting the brakes on his exceptional Super Rugby season.With a trip to Wellington to take on the unbeaten Hurricanes this Friday night, Rebels coach Tony McGahan flagged multiple changes to his side as Shipperley will need to be replaced and flyhalf Jack Debreczeni is ready to return from a minor knee injury.McGahan said there were several candidates to start on the wing while Mike Harris could return to the starting fullback position.Fijian and former Dewar Shield winger Sefanaia Naivalu could make his first start while teenage star Jonah Placid, Telusa Veainu and Cam Crawford are all in consideration for the wing role."Dom's a big loss as he's been absolutely terrific on and off the field," McGahan said."He's been able to execute his job as a winger on a really high, consistent level each week."He's clearly had a really good season so far but it provides an opportunity for someone else to step up."There are concerns Naivalu, who made the substantial step up from the Victorian league to Super Rugby this off-season, is still developing the staying power to play a full 80 minutes at elite level, but McGahan said the young star would be tested out at some point this season.The former Box Hill star has put in several promising performances off the bench so far this season."You are going to have to put him in at some point," McGahan said."Whether it's Sefa or someone else, Super Rugby is a difficult competition because you don't have the opportunity to put them in for two or three games and then take them out - you have to put them in and let them go."Sefa has been getting some really good experience off the bench each week in gathering that 20-25 minutes and building up - sooner or later we are going to have a look at him to see how he starts."If it's this weekend then it is or if it's not for another couple of weeks then it will be then."McGahan wouldn't rule out further changes to his side after two disappointing losses but would be meeting with his coaches this week to discuss team selection.Rebels centre Mitch Inman is in line to play his 50th game for the club while co-captain Scott Higginbotham will play his 100th Super Rugby game.The Rebels play the Hurricanes in Wellington on Friday night at 5.30pm Melbourne time.
First it was Motley Crue calling time on their career. Now one of popular music's most influential bands, metal heavyweights Black Sabbath appears to have announced the date for its final show.In a brief video released on Sunday Sharon Osbourne announced the band will play at Ozzfest, from November 21-22 near Tokyo, adding "and this will be Black Sabbath's farewell". Although Sharon Osbourne manages Ozzy Osbourne, not Black Sabbath, she is co-founder of Ozzfest. Her claim has not been disputed by Ozzy's bandmates Tony Iommi or Geezer Butler, or by the verified social media sources for the band.It is understood founding guitarist Iommi's lymphoma diagnosis and treatment was a factor in the decision to cease playing live. In January, Iommi told the Mirror: "The surgeon told me he doesn't expect the cancer to go away."Black Sabbath sold 70 million records, created several iconic albums and cult songs (including War Pigs and Iron Man) and was once voted the greatest heavy metal band of all-time by MTV. Most informed discussions about the origins of heavy metal credits Black Sabbath with a pivotal role, especially the band's sole composer, Iommi, 67.Iommi lost the tips of two fingers on his last day working at a sheet metal factory in 1965 but was inspired to continue playing guitar after hearing Django Reinhardt's abilities with only two playing fingers. Iommi began playing with thimbles on his damaged fingers and later adjusted his playing style by tuning his guitar strings to lower pitches to ease the tension on his fingers, leading to a much heavier sound.Black Sabbath was formed in Birmingham in 1969 and are expected to release one final, as-yet unnamed album, produced by Rick Rubin. The band's 2013 album, 13, topped the charts in the United States and United Kingdom and the single God is Dead? won a Grammy.
In China, few activities escape the watchful eye of the state -- and soon, that will include square dancing.Ever-growing numbers of enthusiastic dancers -- usually "damas", or elderly women -- have gathered on the street corners of China's cities in recent years to gyrate in unison.Often clad in matching outfits and wielding fans or other props, they gather around dinnertime, performing choreographed moves to sometimes thumping dance music piped through a portable boombox -- or even a live band.But if the General Administration of Sport and the Ministry of Culture have their way, the nightly routine will be strictly regulated."Square dancing represents the collective aspect of Chinese culture, but now it seems that the overenthusiasm of participants has dealt it a harmful blow with disputes over noise and venues," fitness official Liu Guoyong told the state-run China Daily newspaper Tuesday.Liu is the chief of the General Administration of Sport's mass fitness department."So, we have to guide it with national standards and regulations," he said.According to the China Daily, Chinese authorities have hired an "expert panel" to choreograph 12 state-approved square dances.The dances "will be introduced to local fitness sites in 31 provinces and municipalities in the next five months", the newspaper said, adding that authorities have yet to decide standards on music volume, dance times and venues.Square dancing has become an improbably hot topic in China, with stories on dancing "damas" -- not all of them flattering -- lighting up state media.Some urban dwellers have complained that the elderly groovers blast their music until late at night, disturbing the peace and quiet of local residents.In the central Chinese city of Wuhan, a simmering dispute between enthusiastic "damas" and their irritated neighbours made headlines in 2013 when the residents threw coins, rocks -- and ultimately, faeces -- at the group in a bid to make them stop.Last year, photos of a group of middle-aged Chinese women performing a square dance routine outside the Louvre in Paris set off a debate over whether the pastime had gone too far.A video of several women attempting to perform a square dance on board a crowded passenger train in China went viral last year, sparking further controversy."All the negative comments on square-dancing are about reckless practising without caring about the public benefits," fitness trainer and square dancing expert Wang Guangcheng told the China Daily."The unified drills will help keep the dancing on the right track where they can be performed in a socially responsible way," he added.
Jerusalem - Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologised to Israel's Arab citizens on Monday for remarks he made during last week's parliament election that offended members of the community.The move appeared to be an attempt to heal rifts and mute criticism at home and in the United States. Netanyahu drew accusations of racism in Israel, especially from its Arab minority, and a White House rebuke when, just a few hours before polling stations were to close across the country, he warned that Arab citizens were voting “in droves”.But President Barack Obama's chief of staff, Denis McDonough, rejected Netanyahu's attempt to distance himself from his comments, telling an Israel advocacy group on Monday that the US can't just overlook what Netanyahu said on the eve of his re-election.Netanyahu, whose Likud Party won re-election in the vote, met with members of the Arab community at the prime minister's residence in Jerusalem on Monday and apologised.He said he knows his “comments last week offended some Israeli citizens and offended members of the Israeli-Arab community”.“This was never my intent. I apologise for this,” Netanyahu said. “I view myself as the prime minister of each and every citizen of Israel, without any prejudice based on religion, ethnicity or gender.”“I view all Israeli citizens as partners in the building of a prosperous and safe state of Israel, for all Israelis,” he also said.A recently established alliance of four small, mostly Arab parties called the Joint List made unprecedented gains in the March 17 election, earning enough votes to make it the third-largest party in Israel's parliament. Arab citizens make up 20 percent of Israel's population. Equality is guaranteed in Israel's laws but many Arabs have long complained of discrimination, mainly in the job and housing market.Ayman Odeh, the head of the Joint List, told channel 2 TV that Netanyahu's apology was not accepted.“This is not a real apology,” Odeh said. “He incited against citizens who were exercising their basic right to vote for Knesset.”Odeh also accused Netanyahu of “zigzagging” by saying one thing one day and a different another.In the final days of the campaign, Netanyahu angered the US by taking a tough stance toward the Palestinians and by saying a Palestinian state will not be established on his watch in the current climate of regional chaos and violence. Resolving the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians in a two state solution is a key US foreign policy priority.In his speech to J Street, an Israel advocacy group that is sharply critical of Netanyahu, McDonough warned Israel against annexing the West Bank, where Palestinians hope to establish their future state. He said Netanyahu's prediction that a Palestinian state wouldn't come about on his watch was “very troubling” and called into question Netanyahu's broader commitment to the two-state solution the US and Israel have officially supported for years.“We cannot simply pretend that these comments were never made,” McDonough said.Obama's decision to dispatch his chief of staff to speak to J Street was seen as another sign that Obama intends to take a tougher tack toward Netanyahu.Israelis and Palestinians are closely watching to see how US policy will change in practical terms after Netanyahu's success in the elections. Obama has said the US must re-evaluate its approach to pursuing Mideast peace because of Netanyahu's comments, and has entertained speculation the US will be less willing to come to Israel's defence in the United Nations. The US has voted against U.N. resolutions supporting the establishment of a Palestinian state, insisting the matter should be negotiated directly with Israel.Netanyahu's tough talk was part of a last-ditch attempt to spur his more hard-line supporters to the polls after it appeared he was losing voters to a more hawkish party.Netanyahu defended his election-day remarks in the days after the vote. He told NBC last Thursday that he remains committed to Palestinian statehood - if conditions in the region improve - and to the two-state vision first spelled out in a landmark 2009 speech at Israel's Bar Ilan University. “I haven't changed my policy,” he said. “I never retracted my speech.”He told NBC that his government has spent billions in Arab towns to upgrade infrastructure, schools and narrow gaps.Earlier on Monday, Netanyahu secured a majority of backers in the new parliament and will later be tasked with forming the next government.Israel's ceremonial president, Reuven Rivlin, has been meeting with the parties in parliament to hear their recommendations before appointing who will form the next coalition government. Kulanu, a new centrist party gave its nod to Netanyahu on Monday, giving him 61 backers out of the 120 in parliament.Netanyahu appears poised to set up a coalition with hawkish, centrist and religious parties.* Matt Lee and Josh Lederman contributed to this report
Freetown - Sierra Leone's army chief on Monday ordered soldiers to remain in their barracks and warned them to steer clear of a political crisis that has erupted following the controversial dismissal of the West African nation's vice-president.President Ernest Bai Koroma sacked his deputy, Samuel Sam-Sumana, last week, saying he had abandoned his duties by requesting asylum at the US Embassy in the capital Freetown.The ruling All People's Congress had accused the vice-president of creating his own political movement and kicked him out of the party.“Politics is not for a soldier,” Major General Samuel Omar Williams told more than 2 000 troops gathered at a military barracks in Freetown.Sam-Sumana's sacking has sparked political tensions in one of the West African countries hardest-hit by the worst outbreak of the Ebola virus on record.The main opposition party, the Sierra Leone People's Party, said on Sunday that it would embark on a nationwide campaign of peaceful demonstrations, civil disobedience and strikes from March 30 if Sam-Sumana is not reinstated.The firing of the vice-president is expected to be challenged in the courts. President Koroma has appointed Victor Foh as his new deputy, but the opposition has said he is not eligible to hold the position.Sierra Leone has been plagued by political instability, including a series of military coups and a 1991-2002 civil war, for much of its history since gaining independence from Britain in 1961.Williams said that any military personnel found to be intervening in the country's latest political crisis would be punished.“No soldier has got this right to discuss politics or partake in it. Our focus should be on the fight against Ebola, and let us leave politics for the politicians,” he said.The confinement of soldiers to barracks will not apply to troops involved in efforts to battle the country's Ebola epidemic or other specific military tasks, a statement from the army said.Williams said visits by civilian personnel to military installations would also be restricted and political discussions within barracks would be banned.
Liverpool FC are ready to secure the signing of Benfica star Eduardo Salvio, that's according to reports in Portugal this week.The Argentine winger has been in fine form for the Portuguese giants this term, notching 13 goals and five assists in 34 appearances. Benfica would loathe to let him go but would have no option but to accept a bid should Liverpool meet the player's 60m Euro release clause.In fact, Portuguese media report that Salvio will look to sign a new contract with the club in the coming months in order to lower that release clause and pave the way for a move to Anfield.Another Argentine star, this time highly-rated Villarreal youngster Luciano Vietto, could be on his way to Anfield if reports if Italian media can be believed.Tuttomercato report that the striker, who has notched 12 goals in 26 La Liga games, is one of Brendan Rodgers' top transfer targets this summer as he looks to bolster his forward line.Vietto only joined Villarreal from his homeland in the summer, but such has been his impact in Spain that a whole host of top European clubs have been tipped to sign him.Recently, the 21-year-old's agent, Jorge Cyterszpiler, confirmed that the striker could leave the Yellow Submarine in favour of a bigger club."He [Vietto] might leave in the summer. It is normal that the best clubs in the world are after him," Cyterszpiler said."If big clubs make an offer, we need to talk. The offer must be very good, not only for us but also for Villarreal."
Victoria's spiritualists are shaking off their earthly bonds.A group founded by bookshop owner and spiritual healer William Terry in 1870 is following the trend of numerous other religious organisations and selling off valuable city assets.The Victorian Spiritualists' Union has owned and occupied a two-storey boutique sandstone building at 71-73 A'Beckett Street for 55 years.In today's spirited property market, the group's headquarters, which is listed on the Melbourne planning scheme as a notable building, is expected to attract a lot ot interest.Spiritualists believe that the dead have the ability and inclination to communicate with the living.The Victorian organisation lists deceased prime minister Alfred Deakin among its members and is recognised as a religious institution by the federal government with rights to perform child and adult namings, weddings, funerals and other services.A'Beckett Street has been a hotbed of apartment development. Among others, Malaysian developer Mammoth has developed two significant apartment projects in the street."This section of Melbourne's CBD is currently seeing . . . incredible redevelopment and considerable uplift, which has been driven by high-rise residential living and low office vacancy levels," said Colliers International's Daniel Wolman, who is marketing the site with Oliver Hay.The Spiritualists' Union would relocate outside of the CBD, Mr Wolman said.The union also has another branch in Patterson Street, Ringwood East.
The actress emotionally revealed that she made the decision after doctors said she was at an increased risk of developing ovarian cancer.Writing in The New York Times, the mother, who carries a mutation in the BRCA1 gene, said the decision was "not easy"."In my case, the eastern and western doctors I met agreed that surgery to remove my tubes and ovaries was the best option, because, on top of the BRCA gene, three women in my family have died from cancer," she said. "My doctors indicated I should have preventive surgery about a decade before the earliest onset of cancer in my female relatives. "My mother's ovarian cancer was diagnosed when she was 49. I'm 39. "It is not possible to remove all risk, and the fact is I remain prone to cancer. "I will look for natural ways to strengthen my immune system. I feel feminine, and grounded in the choices I am making for myself and my family. I know my children will never have to say 'Mom died of ovarian cancer'."
Emergency services were called to the scene on the northbound carriageway at 8.51pm on Tuesday.Two fire engines from Stockton and one from Stranton were called to the incident.Two people were outside the vehicle when firefighters arrived and they were left in the hands of the ambulance service.
A former senior federal MP was named on an official  "persons of interest" list regarding the AWB corruption scandal but had their name later removed in mysterious circumstances, a Senate committee had been told.The explosive allegation came as the Senate's legal and constitutional affairs references committee on Tuesday tabled two vastly differing reports into allegations a federal police taskforce into AWB's alleged bribes to Saddam Hussein's Iraqi regime was prematurely shut down for political reasons.Labor and the Coalition produced a short majority report finding the allegations by former veteran federal police officer Ross Fusca that his taskforce was prematurely shut down not to be supported by evidence.But the Greens, who through Senator Penny Wright hold the position of committee chairman, released a detailed minority report that recommended the Senate use its powers to compel the federal police to produce the secret legal advice it received to justify closing down the AWB taskforce set up after the 2006 Cole Royal Commission into the scandal.Labor last year supported the Greens' push for an inquiry.The AFP has previously refused to provide the legal advice from Peter Hastings, QC, to the federal Parliament after claiming a public interest immunity.Senator Wright told the Senate on Tuesday that a former Australian Securities and Investments Commission investigator attached to the task force, Jason Young, had told the committee that a former senior federal politician had been named on a "person of interest" on an ASIC list regarding the AWB affair.She said Mr Young said that the former senior politician was "listed in a brief that went to ASIC's executive" but had their name removed by the time the brief was returned to investigators. ASIC has successfully prosecuted a handful of former AWB executives.It is understood the former MP was of interest to ASIC investigators after selling a substantial amount of shares in AWB.Both Senator Wright and Greens leader Christine Milne said the alleged removal of the former MP from the persons of interest list was a prime example of why Australia needed to establish a national anti-corruption agency.Senator Milne said ASIC had uncovered information that indicated AWB, some foreign affairs officials and even a "federal minister" knew the wheat exporter was paying kickbacks to Saddam Hussein's regime.But she said the federal police taskforce was shut down before ASIC was legally able to pass on the information it had uncovered. She also said there were serious unanswered questions over "why the name of a federal politician was taken out of the ASIC brief".LNP senator Ian MacDonald told the Senate he could not understand the reason for the inquiry into Mr Fusca's claims and described the process as a waste of time and money.While not wishing to disrespect Mr Fusca's genuineness, Senator MacDonald said the committee received no evidence of any impropriety by the federal police or anyone else.He said the law at the time the taskforce was set up made it difficult for the federal police to investigate the AWB scandal and gather sufficient evidence to mount successful prosecutions.
Tripoli - Libyan pro-government forces said they had targeted a weapons depot belonging to an Islamist-backed militia, as peace talks continued in Morocco and a UN special envoy met both sides late on Monday.A militia spokesperson said however that the raid had hit a refugee camp, killing eight civilians.Military spokesperson Colonel Ahmed al-Mesmari said "the air strike targeted a weapons storage facility belonging to Libya Dawn" in Tarhuna, about 80km southeast of Tripoli.Libya Dawn is a militia alliance that includes Islamists and has installed a rival government and legislature in opposition to the country's internationally recognised government.A spokesperson for the group denied any of its weapons were in the area."Eight Libyan civilians died in the strike. Sadly this is their strategy, to kill civilians and claim to the international community that they are after weapons," he said, referring to the Western-backed government.Mesmari said that, after the air raid, members of Libya Dawn attacked the house of a military officer and "killed his wife, his daughter, his son, his brother and other people who were there" in retaliation.Mesmari meanwhile told AFP that pro-government forces had shot down a Libya Dawn plane at Ar-Rajban, about 170km southwest of Tripoli.The Libya TV channel reported that pro-government forces had captured one of the pilots and another had died at the scene.Libya has been in turmoil since the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 by rebels backed by Nato air strikes.The country has had two governments and parliaments since Tripoli was seized in August 2014 by Libya Dawn and the internationally recognised government fled to the country's far east.The UN-backed efforts to reconcile the two sides have so far failed, but UN special envoy Bernardino Leon said Monday he hoped for progress at ongoing talks in Morocco.The first names for a new Libyan unity government could emerge this week, Leon said.Also read: Libya's official government conducts air strike on Tripoli airport"It is going to be a difficult discussion and I wouldn't like expectations to be too high, bearing in mind how difficult the situation is on the ground. But there is a possibility and we will do our best to reach there by the end of this week," he said in Brussels.Late on Monday, he met the internationally recognised foreign minister Mohamed Al-Dayri outside Tobruk airport. "They discussed the ongoing dialogue," a source at the foreign ministry told AFP.Leon then went to Tripoli where he met members of the Islamist-backed General National Congress (GNC), the alternative parliament, according to an AFP photographer.On Friday the internationally recognised cabinet based in the eastern city of Tobruk said loyalist forces had launched an offensive to "liberate" Tripoli.The Tripoli parliament's delegation threatened to walk out of the peace talks in the Moroccan resort of Skhirat when the fighting erupted at the end of last week.
The remains of Iraqi soldiers have been found at a mass grave in the town of Yathrib, about 170km north of Baghdad, after reportedly being killed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) group.An official security source told local media on Monday that a mass grave containing the remains of the troops was found in the town, with the soldiers thought to have been killed by ISIL.The source said it was unclear how many bodies had been been discovered, but said uniforms had been found in the graves. He added that work to uncover the remains was ongoing.The find comes as the Iraqi army, supported by Shia fighters, said it was laying “full siege” to Tikrit, north of Yathrib, with ISIL fighters now surrounded.The military – backed by at least 20,000 Shia fighters – has been fighting to regain control of Tikrit, Saddam Hussein’s hometown, one of several predominantly Sunni conurbations to fall to ISIL last year.Khaled al-Obeidi, Iraq’s defence minister, said operations to recapture Tikrit had been on hold for nearly a week, with the army trying to minimise casualties by not rushing the final assault.“When we see that the time is right for the Tikrit alliance, we will storm in as quickly as possible,” he said.“Tikrit is under full siege. We are taking caution to not take any losses and to protect civilians in the city.”The Tikrit siege is one of the first major operations in which the US-led coalition is not taking part, with US officials saying they were not asked to participate.Against the backdrop of the Tikrit siege, the head of a Shia armed group has criticised the Iraqi army, saying it has asked for coalition air strikes to help retake the city.Hadi al-Ameri’s remarks on Sunday pointed to a possible divide between the Iraqi army and Shia units, most of which are made up of fighters.
With the sun springing in and winter warmers packed away for another year, National Trust Wales is calling on the people of Wales to rediscover the great outdoors at its spectacular locations across Wales this spring.Europe’s largest conservation charity – which works to protect some of the nation’s most special places forever, for everyone –has a calendar of spring events planned for its locations across North and South Wales including scavenger trails, stargazing, pond dipping and plant hunting.Spring will be officially ‘cracked’ open with Cadbury Easter Egg Trails across the bank holiday weekend which National Trust run in partnership with Cadbury.Alongside the trails, there are spring tree treks, craft workshops and behind-the-scene tours of some of the country’s most beautiful estates.RELATED: Dyffryn Gardens begins major restoration of three of their garden roomsThe Trust will also highlight some of its very best ‘floral wows’ across its special places this year – with each location championing its own flora and fauna show-stoppers. Expect daffodils at Dyffryn Gardens, yellow whitlow grass in Gower, snake’s head fritillary at Colby Woodland Gardens and orchids at Coed y Bwnydd.For a day out in South Wales, Tredegar House in Newport will be holding Secret Tours throughout spring where visitors can explore the rooms normally closed to the general public, as well as cooking in the Great Kitchen, servant challenges and nature challenges in the rolling grounds of the 17th-century Newport manor house.Visitors to Dyffryn Gardens will be able to test their artistic skills with a series of botanical art and glass design workshops in the grounds of the 19th-centuryhouse, as well as getting a first-peek at the Dyffryn Daffodil on site – launched last year at the RHS Flower Show and in bloom at Dyffryn for the first time this spring.In Dinefwr Park, Carmarthenshire, highlights will include rare-breed White Park cattle and their new calves in the fields in front of Newton House, as well as a carpet of bluebells transforming the nearby Castle Woods.In North Wales, visitors to the world famous garden at Bodnant in Conwy will have the first ever opportunity to see the ‘Far End’ garden, which opens on 28 March. This section of the garden, which has never been open to the public before, is the ultimate hidden gem which showcases beautiful flowers and boasts a boat house and a waterfall.The 1,200 acre grounds surrounding Erddig Hall in Wrexham will provide the perfect backdrop for spring walks for all the family. Tours of the 18th-century house will give guests an insight into the ‘upstairs downstairs’ Downton Abbey-like life of a gentry family more than 250 years ago. Budding astronomers can also attend a Stargazing Workshop with expert Professor Andy Newsam.At Penrhyn Castle in Gwynedd, visitors can get a taste of history at the Victorian Extravaganza from 3 to 6 April with traditional games on the formal lawns. For young explorers, one of the ground’s gardeners, Phil Makin, will be giving regular guided walks taking in the estate's impressive collection of trees and revealing some fascinating facts about folklore along the way.Justin Albert, Director for National Trust Wales, commented: “Spring is the perfect time to see our beautiful locations burst into life, so we’re excited to be opening our doors to as many outdoor-lovers as possible this season. From the herbaceous borders at Dyffryn to the world-renowned Laburnham Arch at Bodnant, there really is something new to discover each time you visit. We truly have some fantastic places to watch spring reawaken“Our calendar of events gives audiences young and new the opportunity to take in the full sights, sounds, and smells of spring, while exploring the amazing country and coastal landscape this nation has to offer.”To find out more about the spring events happening all across Wales, visit www.nationaltrust.org.uk/visit/local-to-you/wales/
These are the first pictures of a huge unexploded Blitz bomb putting lives at 'significant risk' in central London.Today an Army bomb squad will try to remove the 5ft-long Second World War device from a building site without letting it expode.If the 550lb bomb does go off, it will obliterate nearby buildings and damage homes up to 650ft away - including flats on six housing estates.Hundreds of residents within the 650ft zone were evacuated to a leisure centre by 8am today after they were warned they risked their lives by staying.But that didn't stop one brave bomb disposal expert getting so close to the device he was practically hugging it.No fear: A bomb disposal expert gets up close and personal with the deadly deviceA flyer to residents said: "On Monday 23 March a 250kg German air dropped bomb was found on a building site in Grange Walk, Bermondsey."The Army disposal team have advised that if the bomb explodes, buildings in the 200-metre zone will be significantly damaged and those close to the bomb will be destroyed."Remaining in your home is placing your life at significant risk. This course of action is not advised."The 70-year-old device caused chaos yesterday after it was found on a building site near the capital's Victorian landmark Tower Bridge.Roads were closed from the bridge after builders unearthed the bomb in Bermondsey, south of the River Thames, just after 9am.It was originally thought to weigh 1,000lb but experts now say it weighs 550lb.Two schools - the Kintore Way nursery and Harris Academy - were evacuated as worried parents arrived on the scene and an emergency response centre was set up.Animals were also evacuated from a nearby vet surgery, the local SE1 website reported.Labour councillor Lucas Green said no one at all was being allowed within 30ft of the bomb - though that didn't stop a brave soldier practically hugging it."The site is the old Southwark Irish Pensioners Centre," he said. "Seems our OAPs are hard as nails, drinking tea on top of a 1,000lb bomb for 70 years."Don't mess with this: The bomb squad will try and remove the device from LondonTurker Akcil, 37, works in the Roka Cafe just 200 yards from the scene."They told us to leave," he told Mirror Online. "Everyone's worried, everyone's a bit petrified. All the buses have stopped and the trains might have to stop too."The road, The Grange, is just a third of a mile from the main rail line into London Bridge station.It carries 11 tracks and is one of the busiest railway lines in the country, ferrying tens of thousands of commuters a day to and from south east London and Kent.Tower Bridge was closed southbound and busy Tower Bridge Road was closed between the bridge and Bricklayers Arms pub yesterday, causing traffic mayhem.South London was one of the areas worst hit by the Blitz, which completely destroyed huge parts of the capital in the early 1940s.
George Zimmerman has said he can't feel guilty over surviving a confrontation like the one he had with Trayvon Martin three years ago.In a new controversial new video released on Monday by law firm Ayo and Iken, the 31-year-old criticized President Barack Obama's reaction to the case involving the death of the unarmed 17-year-old.It is the first time he has spoken since the Department of Justice cleared him of Civil Rights violations in connection with youngster's death.He added that he would have only felt guilty if there was something he could have done differently in the situation to save both of their lives.'Only in a true life-and-death scenario can you have mental clearness to know that you cannot feel guilty for surviving,' Zimmerman said in the video.Describing the event itself he said: 'With me as a Christian I believe that God does everything for a purpose, and he had his plans and for me to second guess them would be hypocritical and almost blasphemous.'He also blamed 'President Barack Hussein Obama' for stirring up racial divisiveness over Martin's death.When asked by his attorney who brought 'the highest level of unfairness' to his case, Zimmerman named Obama. After Martin's death gained international attention, Obama said if he had a son, he would look like Martin.Zimmerman said those comments were racially charged.'To me that was clearly a dereliction of duty, pitting Americans against each other solely based on race,' Zimmerman said.When asked by his off-camera attorney, Howard Iken, if he thinks he did anything wrong, Zimmerman said, 'no.' When asked if he had a clean conscience, he replied, 'yes sir.'Zimmerman said in the video that he was speaking publicly, now that a U.S. Department of Justice investigation into the case is over. Last month, the Justice Department decided not to prosecute Zimmerman for a hate crime.Zimmerman has maintained that he acted in self-defense when he shot the teen during a confrontation inside a gated community in Sanford, Florida, just outside Orlando, where he was a neighborhood watch volunteer.Martin was black, while Zimmerman identifies himself as Hispanic. Martin's family and prosecutors said Zimmerman was profiling their son.The case spurred national discussions about race and self-defense laws.When asked if he was the same person he was five years ago, he said: 'Absolutely not. I have to have my guard up significantly.'I have to look over my shoulder on a daily basis several times a day. I don’t get to spend time with my family, .… my mentor. I do try and keep my ideals the same.'I do try and remain pragmatic because despite it all I still believe that people are truly good at heart as Anne Frank has said and I will put myself in any position to help another human in any way I can, as evidenced by the helping me family the SUV.'Zimmerman was acquitted of criminal charges during his 2013 trial.
The Government's proposals for further devolution of powers to Scotland were rushed through with insufficient consultation and without proper consideration of their implications for the rest of the United Kingdom, a parliamentary report has warned.All three major party leaders signed up to a "vow" to deliver further devolution last September, in a bid to head off a Yes vote in the independence referendum, and the Smith Commission drew up proposals for change within three months of the vote.In the new report, the House of Lords Constitution Committee said that the party leaders' public commitment to change appeared to have "pre-empted any meaningful scrutiny" of the proposals by the public or parliaments in Westminster and Holyrood and voiced "deep concern" at the speed with which Lord Smith of Kelvin was told to complete his work, which did not allow "adequate time for engagement and consultation".The committee expressed "astonishment" that the UK Government "do not appear to have considered the wider implications for the United Kingdom of the proposals" and said it was "not appropriate or sustainable" to address the issues of additional powers for Scotland alone without considering the knock-on consequences for the wider UK constitution.Its report found that the process leading up to the proposals being set out "does not meet the expected standard for implementing proposals for constitutional change" and "undermines confidence in the outcome".The UK Parliament should not "simply accept these significant constitutional changes as a fait accompli" but should "ensure they receive the detailed scrutiny they require and any amendment that may be necessary", said the report.Committee chairman Lord Lang of Monckton said: "The recommendations in the Smith Commission report clearly have profound constitutional implications for every part of the UK. However the UK Parliament is expected to pass these proposals into law without significant amendment despite having been, in effect, excluded from the decision-making process. This is not the way to implement significant constitutional change."We were astonished to hear that the Government have not properly considered the impact on the rest of the UK of implementing the Smith Commission proposals. Piecemeal, ad hoc changes to the Scottish devolution settlement without wider consideration of their impact could well destabilise the Union as a whole in the longer term."The major UK-wide political parties need urgently to devise and articulate a vision for the future shape of the Union and its devolution settlements. Without this, there cannot be any long-term constitutional stability."SNP Westminster leader Angus Robertson said: "The Smith Commission's recommendations were already underwhelming and were then watered down further by the UK government's paper. Now we have unelected Lords being grudging about even these reduced powers."The Lords report concludes with a call for the UK Parliament to 'not simply accept' more powers for Scotland."This follows on from a similar House of Commons report, and is the kind of out-of-touch approach that is doing such damage to all of the Westminster parties, and for which they may pay a heavy price for at the general election."
When you’re drunk, you sometimes come up with what you think are great ideas.Such as booking an impromptu trip to Thailand with your mates.Phillip Boyle, 33, did just that after a Friday night drinking session with a friend.He pulled an all-nighter and in his drunken haze found himself in Thailand with mate Jamie Blyth and a Tesco carrier bag with just some T-shirts and underwear.Phillip said the night started off respectably enough with a few cans from the petrol station at his house.But then from 1am they continued drinking and Jamie booked a taxi to Manchester Airport.MORE: One in five people visits porn sites on their work phoneMORE: It’s possible that we’re all going to be killed by mosquitoes, which isn’t idealPhillip told GazetteLive: ‘After lots of jokes, at around 11am the next day with a hangover, Jamie asks if I have my passport handy and comes up with the idea of us going to Thailand straight away.‘I thought he was joking at first and then he pointed out how there are quite a few lads from Middlesbrough over there we hadn’t seen for a while.’So after stopping to get Jamie’s passport the flew off into the sunset together.Jamie, the taxi driver revealed, was known for making similar last-minute trips and had done it on at least four occasions.Phillip added: ‘It’s a last minute bad idea – but one of those bad ideas that turns into a good idea.’They are due back in the UK later today.
Jigawa State Governor, Alhaji Sule Lamido, has declared that former President Olusegun Obasanjo will never endorse the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), General Muhammadu Buhari, against President Goodluck Jonathan.He told New Telegraph in Dutse that even though it was in the human nature to forgive and forget, he saw no reason Obasanjo should back Buhari, who worked with late Head of State, Gen. Sani Abacha, when Obasanjo was jailed.His word: “Obasanjo was in jail when Buhari was calling the shots under Abacha.“Who jailed him? Abacha. What was Buhari under Abacha? He was the PTF boss. He knew that Obasanjo was his own Commander-in-Chief.“By the time voting ends on Saturday, they will come to the ground, knowing that they have been fooling themselves.“That’s why I said no matter who dies in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the party will remain. It is just like Nigeria. It is not about individuals; it is the people. That is why anywhere you go, the whole idea has been bought by the people.“In other political parties, they are owned by entrepreneurs who are hallucinating. The fear in APC now is that they are reading the final chapter of their political life. “That is why the intensity of the falsehood is intensifying. That is not how to win State before Abacha, did Buhari caution Abacha and say ‘look, don’t demystify our national symbol, don’t demystify Nigeria, don’t rubbish our spirit de corps. Let us tolerate him’. He did not say so to Abacha. Obasanjo was head of state before Buhari and Abacha.“Did Buhari tell Abacha to leave Obasanjo alone? Obasanjo is free now and is seeing Buhari in the spirit de corps. But here was a man who never stood for him in his hour of need, when his life was threatened because he could have died like the late Shehu Yar’ Adua. Yar’Adua died and God saved Obasanjo.“It is our history. If Obasanjo is now loved by Buhari, it is because God saved him under Buhari and Abacha. For him to now know those who love him and those who hate him is because he is alive.”Lamido also predicted that the APC will cease to exist after the March 28 presidential election after the defeat it will suffer.“They should wake up. You can see the desperation because they have sensed it; it is just very clear that they are losing it”, he declared.Lamido said that even some leaders of the APC, such as former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar, Governor of Kano State, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso and a key section of the PDP block, who formed an arm of the APC were not working for Buhari.The governor pointed out that the APC presidential contestants are still embittered that Buhari, who came into the arrangement with only Nasarawa State as his area of control, picked the ticket of the party.He said that beyond the propaganda of the APC, most of the people behind Buhari were not working for him. According to him, “Even Atiku too, I know him. It is these same PDP members, who fought Buhari in 2003, 2007 and 2011.“They fought him. Even some of them as governors, shut down their airports to deny Buhari going to their states. These are the people who are there now. The truth is that they never forgive Buhari for defeating them”, he added.
Washington: US intelligence agencies will stop bulk collection of data documenting calls by US telephone subscribers in June, unless Congress extends a law authorising the spying, US officials said on Monday.The disclosure that the National Security Agency was collecting metadata generated by domestic telephone users was one of the most controversial revelations made by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden nearly two years ago.A spokesman for President Barack Obama's National Security Council said abandoning the mass collection of domestic telephone data would deprive the country of a "critical national security tool."The current law, due to expire on June 1, allows the NSA to collect bulk data on numbers called and the time and length of calls, but not their content.Efforts by Congress to extend the law so far have proved fruitless, and Congressional aides said that little work on the issue was being done on Capitol Hill.There are deeply divergent views among the Republicans who control Congress. Some object to bulk data collection as violating individual freedoms, while others consider it a vital tool for preventing terrorist attacks against America.Ned Price, a national security council spokesman, told Reuters the administration had decided to stop bulk collection of domestic telephone call metadata unless Congress explicitly re-authorises it.Some legal experts have suggested that even if Congress does not extend the law the administration might be able to convince the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to authorise collection under other legal authorities.But Price made clear the administration now has no intention of doing so, and that the future of metadata collection after June 1 was up to Congress.Price said the administration was encouraging Congress to enact legislation in the coming weeks that would allow the collection to continue.But Price said: "If Section 215 (of the law which covers the collection) sunsets, we will not continue the bulk telephony metadata program.""Allowing Section 215 to sunset would result in the loss, going forward, of a critical national security tool that is used in a variety of additional contexts that do not involve the collection of bulk data," he said.Last year the Administration proposed that if collection does continue, the data should be stored by telephone companies rather than NSA itself, but that approach was rejected by the phone companies.US officials have said metadata collection had helped important counter-terrorism investigations.However, a review panel appointed by Obama to examine the effectiveness of surveillance techniques revealed by Snowden found that not a single counter-terrorism breakthrough could be attributed to the practice.
Cape Town - Consumers will be paying 250 percent more for electricity than they did in 2008 if Eskom is granted the 25 percent increase it has asked for.This represents the cumulative increase in electricity price hikes granted by the National Energy Regulator of South Africa (Nersa) to the electricity utility since 2008, plus the increase Eskom applied for last week when it asked the national regulator to re-open the process for setting price hikes.In contrast, consumers who have had 5-percent annual salary increases over this period will have had a cumulative salary increase of around 40 percent since 2008.Eskom has asked the national regulator for the Multi-Year Price Determination (MYPD) process to be re-opened because when it put in its earlier application for a 9.58 percent increase for 2015/16, it had assumed Kusile, Medupi and Ingula would be generating power by a certain date.That is no longer the case as these projects have been extensively delayed. This means Eskom will have to run its hugely expensive open-cycle gas turbines – run on diesel – for longer than expected, but no provision was made in its earlier price hike application for paying for this quantity of diesel.Eskom is asking for an additional 12.69 percent for 2015/16. With the environmental levy, this comes to a total of a 25.3 percent increase.Eskom said it had paid R4.5bn in diesel for the turbines since December: R1.7bn in December/January, R1.4bn in February and R1.4bn in March. This had resulted in a cash-flow problem. The total diesel cost for the 2014/15 financial year is forecast at R11.5bn.Eskom said it would have spent R20bn on diesel for the turbines in two years – exceeding the R10bn allowance it had been given in the price hikes to cover five years’ diesel costs.The turbines, one in Atlantis and another in Mossel Bay, were built for emergencies and to meet peak demands, but because of the electricity crisis have been running for much longer.Eskom said a second reason it needs a bigger price hike was to be able to extend its contracts with companies such as Sappi, Sasol and Mondi, which generate power and sell it to Eskom under the short-term power purchase programme. Eskom would need money to extend these contracts.
Cape Town - The search for a missing Lutzville farmworker has ended in horror for his family who identified a body, found decomposing in a shallow grave, as belonging to 32-year-old Adam Pieterse, on Monday.Police said Pieterse had gone missing from his home in the West Coast village at the end of last month. According to Farmworkers South Africa, an NGO “working on social development issues” in the area, the walls inside his house were covered in blood.It said the police were led to the shallow grave in a remote section of Die Hoek farm on Wednesday after a resident spotted the hastily dug hole.At the time of going to print, police spokesman Captain FC van Wyk said the circumstances of his death were still unknown.But Farmworkers SA co-ordinator Billy Claasen told the Cape Argus it was likely that Pieterse had been assaulted and killed in his own home.Pieterse worked on the Dassiesfontein Farm near Vredendal, which borders the farm where he was buried. He was not married, but had a girlfriend and a stepson.Claasen said he visited Pieterse’s family on Monday after they had identified the body. They were “devastated by the news”, and reduced to tears.Police remained tightlipped about the investigation, with detectives saying it was still at a “sensitive stage”.But this did not stop local ward councillor Frans Bam pinning the blame on the area’s farmers, saying violence against workers “has become a norm in the area”.There had been no suggestion at the time of going to print that the murder was the result of an altercation between a farmer and worker.According to sources a 19-year-old Lutzville farmworker was killed in a drunken brawl with another worker.Bam urged police to probe the case and make a swift arrest.“Everyone is ignoring the plight of the farmworkers. It is as if they are being punished because they are poor and in some cases because they are drunkards.”
Manzini - Thulani Maseko, the Swazi human rights lawyer in prison for two years for criticising King Mswati’s judicial system, is entering his second week of a three-week isolation in solitary confinement for writing a letter from prison criticising the government.Rule of law advocates called for his immediate release yesterday, saying the UN could regard his continued isolation as torture.Maseko’s letter from prison was distributed by the Washington-based Robert F Kennedy Centre for Justice and Human Rights.“There is some good that has been the result of our persecution. There can be no question that our conviction and prison sentence sharply drew the world’s focus to Swaziland,” Maseko wrote in his letter. “We are not ashamed, for there is nothing to be ashamed of for standing up for good against an evil system,” Maseko wrote.In the letter written from Big Bend Prison, Maseko criticised the royal Tinkhundla system of government that gives Mswati absolute power, which he exercises through hand-picked chiefs.Although Swazis are allowed to elect MPs, parliament merely rubber-stamps Mswati’s policies in bills brought before MPs by palace-appointed cabinet ministers.Maseko was particularly critical of Mswati’s remarks last month that the country’s problems are imagined by troublemakers outside the country to give the country a bad reputation. “It pains us to hear the leaders of our country raising a hullaballoo about ‘enemies of the country’ and people who ‘tarnish the image of the country’, Maseko wrote. “We want to say the true and real enemies of Swaziland and its people are those who oppose democracy.Kerry Kennedy, president of the Robert F Kennedy Centre, said: “The cruel decision to move Thulani into solitary confinement and deny him visitors is yet another brazen indication that the Swazi regime has no regard for the basic human rights of his people.”And in Joburg, the Southern Africa Litigation Centre (SALC) called yesterday for the immediate release of Maseko.“The UN General Assembly, in its 1990 Resolution on Basic Principles on the Treatment of Prisoners, has called on states to abolish solitary confinement as punishment in prisons,” said Kaajal Ramjathan-Keogh, SALC’s executive director.
Catherine Coleman, who has been an astronaut since 1992, has participated in several space missions, including spending 159 days in orbit on the International Space Station.Speaking at Wynberg Girls' High School, in Cape Town yesterday, she said science, technology and maths were not just for boys.Coleman explained that being in a low-gravity environment changed everything and made every aspect of life a science experiment."Without all that gravity we get to see what liquids really want to do - what shape the drops want to take. We also see how differently fire behaves in space because the flame on a candle back home looks different to a flame up there. And as for crystal growth, crystals are more perfect up there so we discover more about how they form."Nasa chief scientist Ellen Stofan told the high school pupils that only about 20% of the scientists in her field were women."We lose girls interested in maths and science all along the way, from school onwards. Sometimes it feels like women have to be twice as good to be taken half as seriously."Stofan is an expert on the geology of Venus, Mars, Saturn's moon Titan, and Earth.She and Coleman are in South Africa as part of a delegation to the recent SciFest Africa festival in Grahamstown.
Henry Chau was sentenced yesterday for the March 2013 murders.He reportedly spent six months plotting the killings and in the month leading up to them listened repeatedly to Alexander Scriabin's frantic, semiquaver-packed composition Vers La Flamme."People might wonder why you did this. That there is no obvious answer is what makes you so dangerous," the judge, Michael Stuart-Moore, told Chau during sentencing."You fail in everything but the piano," he said, according to the South China Morning Post. "You always blame your faults on others . your parents became the victims of your blame."Two weeks after the killings police found the heads of his parents stored in two fridges at a flat belonging to one of his friends in Kowloon."The heads were placed neatly on towels with their eyes not fully closed," Mak Chun-hung, the forensic officer who made the discovery, told the court.Air freshener had been sprayed throughout the flat to mask the stench and "salted" body parts were found in plastic boxes. On a shopping list were "knives, saw blades, bleach, refrigerators and microwave ovens".Chau reportedly "blamed his mother for forcing him to study the piano". He "hated his father because he refused to turn down the TV volume when he was trying hard to study in his schooldays".Chau reportedly told psychiatrists that he wanted to achieve something important before reaching 30.The judge told him he was a "narcissist" preoccupied with fantasies of success.
A “SUPPORT” team has been sent into the Western Infirmary’s A&E department in a bid to tackle waiting times for patients that either need admitted to the hospital or discharged.The Scottish Government has sent the team into the hospital, which serves Clydebank, to implement a five-point plan to bring the department up to scratch.Immediate improvements will include additional support for junior doctors, senior management providing onsite leadership to staff on the ground, a criteria-led discharge programme and daily meetings ensuring all staff are aware of the demand for services will be held.The new measures will be supported by a £5 million fund that will be split with Paisley’s Royal Alexandria Hospital (RAH), where the government has also stepped in to address similar concerns in the A&E department.Andrew Robertson, chairman of NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde, said: “The support team have found staff to be very dedicated and committed to ensuring that patients are seen and treated quickly and effectively.“They have had a positive response from staff as they work together, using what has been learned in recent months from across Scotland, to improve patient care.“Now we will, with the support team, adopt this approach at the Western Infirmary which has experienced a significant dip in performance and cascade the learning across our other sites.“These improvements will be further supported by the provision of the additional £5m of Scottish Government funding to invest in initiatives such as intermediate care beds for patients who do not require to stay in hospital but are unable to return home.”The crisis at the Western is the result of a sharp increase in the number of people attending A&E and the severity of their illnesses. Between April 2014 and January 2015, 6,586 more patients came into A&E departments in Glasgow compared to the same time the previous year.
Activity in China's factory sector dipped to a 11-month low in March as new orders shrank, a private survey showed, signaling persistent weakness in the world's second-largest economy that will likely fuel calls for more policy easing to support growth.The poor reading added to signs that the economy has lost momentum despite two interest rate cuts since November, a reduction in the amount of money banks must keep in reserve and repeated attempts by the central bank to reduce financing costs.The flash HSBC/Markit Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) dipped to 49.2 in March, below the 50-point level that separates growth in activity from contraction on a monthly basis. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast 50.6, slightly weaker than February's final PMI of 50.7.Some analysts expect first-quarter economic growth to dip below the government's new full-year target of 7 percent - widely seen as the level needed to keep employment steady."The weaker PMI data could increase pressure for policy loosening," economists at CICC said in a research note.They predicted the central bank would cut banks' reserve requirement ratios (RRR) six more times this year, on top of another interest rate cut.JPMorgan said the next RRR cut may come as soon as April.Asia stocks fell after the PMI report on Tuesday, with shares in Shanghai skidding more than 2 percent, while the Australian dollar dipped AUD=D4. [MKTS/GLOB]The survey suggested that manufacturers faced considerable challenges from weaker domestic demand and deflationary risks.The new orders sub-index fell to a 11-month low of 49.3 in March. New export orders decreased for a second straight month, albeit at a slower pace.Strains on the job market continued to rise, with the employment sub-index contracting for a 17th straight month and hitting its lowest since the depths of the global financial crisis.China's leaders have said they would be willing to tolerate somewhat slower growth as long as the labor market remained resilient."A renewed fall in total new business contributed to a weaker expansion of output, while companies continued to trim their workforce numbers," said Annabel Fiddes, an economist at Markit said."Manufacturing companies continued to benefit from falling input costs, stemming from the recent global oil price decline. However, relatively muted client demand has led firms to pass on savings in a bid to boost new work, and cut their selling prices at a similarly sharp rate."In Japan, a similar manufacturing survey added to concerns that its slowly recovering economy also may be losing momentum, with activity expanding at a much slower clip as domestic orders contracted.China's economy faces increased downward pressure this year but the slowdown is stabilizing, with employment and services among the bright spots, Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli said on Sunday.Weighed down by a property downturn, factory overcapacity and local debt, growth is expected to slow to a quarter-century low of around 7 percent this year from 7.4 percent in 2014, even with expected additional stimulus measures.Data so far in 2015 indicate the new growth target may already be at risk, though the Asia Development Bank said on Tuesday that it still expects 7.2 percent growth this year.Annual economic growth could slow to 6.85 percent in the first quarter from 7.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 2014, the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, a top government think-tank, said in a research report on Sunday.It expected growth to cool further to 6.8 percent in the second quarter.Meanwhile, central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan cautioned against loosening monetary policy abruptly, saying that could undermine structural reforms.The government also plans to run its biggest budget deficit in 2015 since the global crisis to boost spending, but analysts doubt investment will pick up sharply this year given that local governments are hard-pressed by piles of debt.
